The Associate Security Analyst supports security systems, operations administration, monitoring and maintenance of cyber security systems and applications. He/She monitors security alerts and events. He collects and documents information based on established practices and supports the preparation and publishing of security advisories. He assists with the analysis of security-related information and events, escalation of incidents for validation and remediation. He is required to be on standby with on-call availability with varied shifts including nights, weekends and holidays. He is familiar with cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and is required to act in accordance with the Cyber Security Act 2018. He is knowledgeable in using various cyber security tools and techniques to monitor and resolve incidents. The Associate Security Analyst is alert and vigilant in performing monitoring activities and is able to analyse and resolve security-related issues critically. He communicates clearly in his interactions with others and coordinates effectively with his team to perform security operations.
The Chief Information Security Officer develops and drives the vision for the information security function. He/She acts as the authority for the development and enforcement of organisation security strategy, standards and policies, and has ultimate responsibility for ensuring the protection of corporate information. He guides the design and continuous improvement of the IT security architecture and Cyber Risk Maturity Model that balances business needs with security risks. He advises the board and top executives on all security matters and sets directions for complying with regulatory inquiries, legal and compliance regulations, inspections and audits. He is an expert in cyber security compliance standards, protocols and frameworks, as well as the Cyber Security Act 2018. He is keeps abreast of cyber-related applications and hardware technologies and services, and is constantly on the look-out for new technologies that may be leveraged on to enhance work processes, or which may pose as potential threats. The Chief Information Security Officer is an inspirational and influential leader, who displays sound judgement and decisiveness in ensuring that corporate information is well protected and secured. He is strategic in his approach toward resource management and capability development among his teams.
The Cyber Risk Analyst conducts cyber risk assessment in support of technology initiatives to help identify IT related risk and determines appropriate controls to mitigate risks. He/She monitors, tracks and manages risk mitigations and exceptions to ensure cyber security standards and policies are established. He applies a defined set of analytical or scientific methods and works independently. He is also responsible for documentation of cyber risk assessment reports. He is familiar with cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and acts in accordance with the Cyber Security Act 2018. He is knowledgeable in using various cyber security monitoring and analysis tools and techniques depending on the organisation's needs and requirements. The Cyber Risk Analyst is vigilant and systematic in identifying cyber risks and enjoys analysing and investigating such issues. He is a strong team player, and communicates well both verbally and in writing.
The Cyber Risk Manager guides the assessment of information and cyber risks associated with technology initiatives and provides recommendations on control requirements by risk policy and standards. He/She manages and coordinates responses to regulatory inquiries, inspections, audits and ensures cyber security standards and policies are established and implemented. He oversees the development of reports and implements policies and standards. He manages employees and is held accountable for the performance and results of a team. He provides guidance on security measures and protocols to stakeholders. He is familiar with cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and ensures the organisations compliance to the Cyber Security Act 2018. He is knowledgeable in using various cyber security monitoring and analysis tools and techniques depending on the organisation's needs and requirements. He also has expertise in cyber risk mitigation strategies and protocols. The Cyber Risk Manager has a sharp, analytical mind and is able to anticipate problems and risks to mitigate them ahead of time. He is an excellent communicator who works well with others and promotes a cooperative working environment and relationships within and beyond his team.
The Forensics Investigation Manager plans and oversees the investigation processes and protocols after a cyber-threat or incident. He/She is responsible to ensure that the data is collected and analysed properly. He is also responsible for developing a forensics investigation strategy and overseeing the forensics investigations to ensure the threat is classified and future actions are recommended to the affected stakeholders. He is familiar with different types of threats, cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and ensures the organisations compliance with the Cyber Security Act 2018. He is knowledgeable of hardware and software applications to analyse threat data from various sources. The Forensics Investigation Manager is diligent and watchful in the investigation activities. He is also a confident leader who develops plans and solutions to address security incidents, and has a passion for engaging and developing others in his team.
The Forensics Investigator is responsible for the investigation processes after a cyber-threat or incident. He/She is responsible to collect and analyse the threat data from the affected systems. He is also responsible for performing the forensics investigation and determining the root cause of cyber-attacks. He is familiar with different types of threats, cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and acts in accordance with the Cyber Security Act 2018. He is knowledgeable of hardware and software applications to analyse threat data from various sources. The Forensics Investigator is diligent and takes an analytical approach to perform analyses and uncover insights. He is skilled in synthesising trends and insights, and is confident in putting forth creative mitigation plans and solutions to mitigate security incidents.
The Incident Investigation Manager plans and oversees the performance of security response during the event of a cyber-incident or threat. He proposes mitigation techniques and countermeasures as well as develops cyber security solutions to prevent future attacks. He develops and implements cyber incident response strategies. He presents cyber-incident reports to senior leaders. He is required to be on standby with on-call availability with varied shifts including nights, weekends and holidays. He is familiar with cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and ensures the organisations compliance to the Cyber Security Act 2018. He is knowledgeable in using various cyber security analysis tools and techniques to resolve incidents. The Incident Investigation Manager is diligent and watchful in monitoring security operations, systems and activities. He is quick to provide solutions and fix issues when they arise. He is adept at dealing with complexity, and is an articulate and developmental leader in his team.
The Incident Investigator conducts complex analysis to investigate causes of intrusion, attack, loss or breach occurring in an organisation. He/She identifies and defines cyber threats and root causes. He develops reports that detail incident timeline, evidence, findings, conclusions and recommendations. He is responsible for managing cyber incidents and resolving the incidents in a timely manner. He prepares reports, communicates findings to senior stakeholders, and recommends corrective actions to prevent and mitigate internal control failures. He is required to be on standby with on-call availability with varied shifts including nights, weekends and holidays. He is familiar with cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and works in compliance with the Cyber Security Act 2018. He is knowledgeable in using various cyber security tools and techniques to resolve incidents. The Incident Investigator is detail-oriented and adopts a critical and systematic approach in conducting investigations and analyses. He views issues from multiple perspectives and actively communicates his thoughts and engages with other team members.
The Security Architect leads unique and highly complex projects involving design, development and implementation of secure system architectures. He/She plans and monitors the design of artefacts into enterprise systems that describe security principles and how they relate to the overall enterprise system architecture. He is involved in the development and application of new solutions in infrastructure security. He recommends and leads the adoption of new technological advances and best practices in infrastructure security systems to mitigate security risks. He identifies and resolves unique and complex issues, which may have organisation-wide and long-term impact. He is an expert in cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and ensures the organisations compliance to the Cyber Security Act 2018. He is knowledgeable of various application and hardware technologies and services. The Security Architect has a creative and critical mind, and enjoys identifying linkages and interconnections among various parts of a system or architecture. He is a technical expert who should also be people-oriented, consultative, developmental and actively engaging stakeholders to design optimal secure system architectures. He also mentors and provides technical leadership to the junior staff.
The Security Operations Analyst performs real-time analysis and trending of security log data from various security devices and systems. He/She maintains data sources feeding the log monitoring system, develops and maintains detection and alerting rules. He responds to user incident reports and evaluates the type and severity of security events. He documents incidents and develops reports. He identifies recurring security issues and risks to develop mitigation plans and recommends process improvements. He interprets and applies security policies and procedures. He is required to be on standby with on-call availability with varied shifts including nights, weekends and holidays. He is familiar with cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and works in accordance with the Cyber Security Act 2018. He is knowledgeable in using various cyber security monitoring and testing tools and techniques. The Security Operations Analyst is diligent and takes an analytical approach to perform real-time analyses. He is skilled in synthesising trends and insights, and is confident in putting forth creative mitigation plans and solutions to security incidents.
The Security Operations Manager plans and oversees monitoring and maintenance of security operations and provides direction and leadership to internal resources. He/She provides expertise on security technologies and innovative security concepts and works toward enhancing the resilience of security operations. He coordinates ongoing reviews of existing security programs, protocols and planned upgrades. He establishes escalation processes for security incidents and develops contingency plans and disaster recovery procedures. He focuses on policy implementation and control. He is familiar with cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and ensures the organisations compliance with the Cyber Security Act 2018. He is knowledgeable in using various cyber security monitoring and testing tools and techniques. The Security Operations Manager is diligent and watchful in monitoring security operations, systems and activities. He is also a confident leader who develops plans and solutions to address security incidents and also one who has a passion for engaging and developing others in his team.
The Senior Security Engineer/Security Engineer designs, develops and implements secure system architectures. He/She embeds security principles into the design of system architectures to mitigate the risks posed by new technologies and business practices. He designs artefacts, spanning design, development and implementation, into enterprise systems that describe security principles and how they relate to the overall enterprise system architecture. He performs routine activities related to the periodic review and audit activities of infrastructure security systems and maintains documentation of security standards and procedures. He is well versed with cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and works in compliance with the Cyber Security Act 2018. He is knowledgeable of various application and hardware technologies and services. The Senior Security Engineer/Security Engineer is structured and systematic in his approach to designing and implementing secure system architectures. He is articulate and works well with his team and other stakeholders.
The Threat Analysis Manager plans out strategies to pre-empt potential threats in an organisation's cyber related systems. He/She is responsible for identifying the IT assets that are prone to cyber threats and attacks. He proactively monitors the open web and identifies potential threats and groups or individuals capable of attempting cyber-attacks. He runs tests and analyses different areas of the IT assets to ensure they are safe from cyber-attacks. He is familiar with cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks. He is knowledgeable in using various cyber security analysis tools and techniques to monitor and identify potential incidents. The Threat Analysis Manager is alert and vigilant in performing monitoring activities, and is able to analyse and identify potential security-related issues, which may have critical impact on security and operational systems. He communicates clearly in his interactions with others and coordinates effectively with his team to perform security operations.
The Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing Analyst designs and performs tests and check cases to determine if infrastructure components, systems and applications meet confidentiality, integrity, authentication, availability, authorisation and non-repudiation standards. He/She translates requirements into test plan, writes and executes test scripts or codes in line with standards and procedures to determine vulnerability from attacks. He certifies infrastructure components, systems and applications that meet security standards. The Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing Analyst is well versed with cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, has a creative and analytical mind, and deploys new and innovative methods to perform penetration tests. He works well in a team and communicates findings and implications effectively to relevant stakeholders.
The Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing Manager plans and oversees the delivery of testing and certification services to determine whether infrastructure components, systems and applications meet confidentiality, integrity, authentication, availability, authorisation and non-repudiation standards. He/She reports on testing outcomes and activities. He provides recommendations and manages stakeholder expectations. He ensures compliance with assessment and testing standards, processes and tools. He develops organisational testing capability and supports knowledge management. He is well versed with cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and has sound knowledge of various testing applications and services. The Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing Manager possesses strong analytical and critical thinking abilities to resolve and advise on highly complex issues, and effectively communicates outcomes to relevant stakeholders. He is adept at managing resources and developing his team.
The Artificial Intelligence /Machine Learning Engineer supports the production of scalable and optimised artificial intelligence (AI)/machine learning (ML) models. He/She focuses on building algorithms for the extraction, transformation and loading of large volumes of real-time, unstructured data in order to deploy AI/ML solutions from theoretical data science models. He runs experiments to test the performance of deployed models, and identifies and resolves bugs that arise in the process. He works in a team setting and is proficient in statistics, scripting and programming languages required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms in which the models are deployed. He should be knowledgeable of the requirements under the Model AI Governance Framework and the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) in the course of his work on AI/ML models. The AI/ML Engineer is a determined individual who is comfortable working with large data sets, has a keen interest in problem solving and experimentation, and enjoys the iterative process of development and resolving issues.
The Artificial Intelligence Applied Researcher is responsible for the design and conduct of artificial intelligence (AI) research and development, synthesising insights to identify potential use cases of AI for the business. He/She presents AI research and development outcomes to senior management, business stakeholders at public forums. He determines the patentability of AI solutions and assists in the process for obtaining intellectual property rights for AI solutions. He works in a team setting and is proficient in statistics, scripting and programming languages required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solutions are deployed. The AI Applied Researcher has a strong passion and curiosity for uncovering the possibilities of applying AI to address real-life business challenges and enhance organisation performance.
The Business Intelligence Director sets the strategy, vision and policy for managing the day-to-day strategic and tactical operations of the business intelligence (BI) teams. He/She holds responsibilities associated with historical data sourcing and preparation, data storage, reporting, analytics, data exploration and information delivery. He works with senior management to understand and prioritise data and information requirements. He is responsible for setting up the BI Strategy within the organisation. He oversees the development of testing methodology and criteria, standards, policies and procedures for the structure and attributes of the business intelligence tools and systems. He oversees budgeting and planning. He manages a team and is proficient in the analytics tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solution is deployed on. The BI Director has the ability to adopt a broader perspective and display analytical thinking for BI solutions. He is able to influence key stakeholders and spearhead a data driven approach to resolve business issues.
The Business Intelligence Manager identifies and translates market opportunities into actionable recommendations for the organisation. He/She supervises professionals in gathering and analysing business intelligence (BI) data to help make informed business decisions. He manages the timely reporting of data analysis outcomes and effectively communicates findings, insights and recommendations to business leaders. He develops data and/or information quality metrics and researches new technology and develops business cases to support enterprise wide business intelligence solutions. He is responsible for developing guidelines on data insight reporting for the team. He is also responsible for managing BI-related projects from end to end. He manages a team and is proficient in the analytics tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solution is deployed on. The BI Manager has a deep passion for analysing and resolving complex problems through a systematic approach. He displays an intellectual curiosity as well as the capability to engage with stakeholders to understand business issues.
The Chief Data Officer/Chief Artificial Intelligence Officer establishes the organisation's data and artificial intelligence (AI) strategy, and ethics and governance framework, fostering a culture of compliance to data privacy regulations and the Model AI Governance Framework. He/She is accountable for the quality, accessibility, analysis and management of data to inform business strategy, decision-making and drive performance. He designs initiatives and programs to realise the optimal business value derivable from the organisation's data assets. He formulates data and AI project prioritisation and resourcing strategies and establishes performance measures to evaluate outcomes data and AI-driven solutions. He identifies potential intellectual property (IP) opportunities from analyses and insights from market intelligence reports, and advises the business on infringements against the organisation's IP related to AI solutions. He creates a shared vision and objectives on the use of data and AI in the organisation, building strategic relationships with key business and industry stakeholders to achieve business goals. The Chief Data Officer/Chief Artificial Intelligence Officer is highly skilled in influencing and engaging stakeholders to secure their buy-in and support. He has strong business acumen, is highly innovative, and is able to make calculated-risk decisions, performing effectively in a complex and difficult environment. He possesses strong leadership and management skills required to develop the organisation's data and AI capabilities.
The Data Analyst/Associate Data Engineer blends historical data from available industry reports, public information, field reports or purchased sources, basic data cleaning and transformation, and performs analysis to support business and product decisions. He/She uses development tools to generate reports, dashboards, clean and prepare the data and analytical solutions according to business rules and specifications. He is a part of important projects and coordinates with internal teams to develop projections on outcomes of implementing business strategies that result in actionable insights. He also assists in the data collection, processing and warehousing tasks, which may also include collection, parsing, analysing and visualising large sets of data. He works in a team setting and is proficient in the analytics tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solution is deployed on. The Data Analyst/Associate Data Engineer is meticulous and detailed-oriented. He enjoys working with data and displays willingness to learn. He adopts an analytical approach to solving problems and displays confidence when communicating ideas.
The Data Architect designs systems to facilitate access to and finding of information. He/She plans, designs, develops and tests internal information-delivery solutions and data models with the focus on providing positive user experience. He works with end users to specify requirements, create and implement designs to meet internal and client-facing objectives. He develops information management standards and practices, in compliance with data privacy policies and ethics and governance frameworks. He works in a team setting and is proficient in database systems, scripting and programming languages required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solution is deployed on. The Data Architect integrates diverse needs and perspectives from internal and external clients, and possesses a creative mind to develop new and fresh ideas and solutions. He possesses strong leadership and communication abilities and is able to influence key stakeholders and clients he interfaces with.
The Data Engineer supports the design, implementation and maintenance of data flow channels and data processing systems that support the collection, storage, batch and real-time processing, and analysis of information in a scalable, repeatable and secure manner. He/She focuses on defining optimal solutions to data collection, processing and warehousing. He designs, codes and tests data systems and works on implementing those into the internal infrastructure. He focuses on collecting, parsing, managing, analysing and visualising large sets of data to turn information into insights accessible through multiple platforms. He is proficient in database systems, scripting and programming languages required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solution is deployed on. The Data Engineer is passionate about numbers and works with large data sets. He has a keenness for understanding business processes and resolving challenges in order to provide solutions with the help of clean and interlinked databases and architectures.
The Data Scientist/Artificial Intelligence Scientist plans and leads the development of new and advanced data analytic techniques, methodologies and analytical solutions from design, prototyping and testing. He/She identifies and develops core data and artificial intelligence (AI) science components for the delivery of projects, architects specialised database and computing environments, explores and visualises complex data set to provide incremental business value. He extracts and integrates data from various sources, and creates advanced models and algorithms suitable for the business use case. He conducts testing on data and AI models, interprets findings from testing, and evaluates model performance for scaling and deployment. He develops compelling and logically structured communication materials to facilitate stakeholder buy-in. He works in a team setting and is proficient in statistics, scripting and programming languages required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solution is deployed on. The Data Scientist/AI Scientist has strong analytical and critical thinking skills to identify and solve problems. He is passionate about analysing and resolving complex business problems, displaying intellectual curiosity towards using data and AI to address business needs and challenges. He is a data storyteller, and is able to influence key stakeholders and spearhead a data driven approach to resolve business issues.
The Head of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence formulates and implement data and artificial intelligence (AI) strategies to optimise business value derived from data assets. He/She guides the AI research direction to create new algorithms and models, and reviews the feasibility of translating research and development outcomes into data and AI solutions. He oversees the development of data and AI solutions for the business to inform strategy and planning, decision-making and drive performance. He identifies potential intellectual property commercialisation opportunities for AI solutions and/or models, and oversees the preparation and application for intellectual property rights. He manages a team and is proficient in statistics, scripting and programming languages required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solution is deployed on. The Head of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence is a highly effective communicator, articulating the potential value and impact of data and AI solutions on the business and influencing key business stakeholders. He is a proactive and innovative individual, possessing a strong drive to succeed amidst an evolving business environment. He develops the data and AI team's technical and leadership capabilities, and ensures compliance to the organisation's data privacy policies, ethics and governance framework, and intellectual property legislation.
The Senior Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer oversees projects for the production of scalable and optimised artificial intelligence (AI)/machine learning (ML) models, and ensures communication and collaboration with appropriate stakeholders. He/She is responsible for evaluating techniques or algorithms used and ensuring performance of the models deployed, and guiding or coaching the team in achieving quality in technical areas of the projects. He works in a team setting and is proficient in statistics, scripting and programming languages required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solution is deployed on. The Senior AI/Machine Learning Engineer is passionate about delivering end-to-end data projects, from scoping and discovery to post-deployment. He is skilled in stakeholder management, possesses the ability to communicate ideas and recommendations to and influence various internal stakeholders, both within and beyond the team.
The Senior Data Engineer designs, implements and oversees maintenance of data flow channels and data processing systems that support the collection, storage, batch and real-time processing, and analysis of information from structured and unstructured sources in a scalable, repeatable and secure manner. He/She assists data scientists with the extraction of valuable insights from data sets to derive valuable and actionable insights and recommendations that support business requirements. He involves in rollouts, upgrades, implementation and release of data system changes as required for streamlining of internal practices. He is proficient in database systems, scripting and programming languages required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solution is deployed on. The Senior Data Engineer possesses natural inclination for understanding business processes and relevant data requirements. He easily builds rapport with others and is able to put forth his ideas and recommendations in a persuasive manner, to influence stakeholders and decisions.
The Associate Infrastructure Engineer assists with infrastructure deployment and maintenance. He/She supports the configuration and integration of infrastructure, and acts as a liaison with third-party vendors. He assists with technical infrastructure performance analysis to identify problems and risks, makes improvement recommendations and supports implementation of preventive solutions. He troubleshoots infrastructure problems and incidents and takes appropriate corrective action where possible, in accordance to procedures, processes and quality standards. He possesses knowledge of and is willing to gain experience across multiple infrastructure platforms and systems. The Associate Infrastructure Engineer displays a natural curiosity for investigating issues and applying an analytical approach to solutions development and implementation. He has effective interpersonal skills to work well with internal and external stakeholders.
The Associate Network Engineer is responsible for supporting the deployment and operations of network infrastructure. He/She assists with the installation, monitoring, troubleshooting and testing of network systems and solutions. He monitors and configures network components to ensure security, and resolves network incidents. He also ensures that network activities are documented appropriately and in compliance with the required procedures and standards. He is familiar with core networking technologies and trends, network standards and network routing protocols. He may be required to work on a rotational on-call or shift basis. The Associate Network Engineer is a motivated team player and is driven by results. He also possesses analytical skills and works well in a fast-paced environment.
The Associate Radio Frequency Engineer is responsible for supporting the planning, operations and optimisation of wireless networks and systems. He/She configures the network infrastructure necessary for wireless communications, and monitors and troubleshoots issues to maintain the quality and performance of wireless networks. He also ensures that wireless network activities are documented appropriately and in compliance with the required procedures and standards. He is familiar with wireless networking technologies, and proficient in the use of simulation software, programming languages and database servers. The Associate Radio Frequency Engineer is detail-oriented and enjoys problem solving or troubleshooting. He works well in teams and is able to prioritise tasks effectively.
The Automation and Orchestration Engineer is responsible for the design, development and deployment of end-to-end network operations. He/She formulates network requirements in partnership with customers, and creates the network blueprint and provisions network slices in alignment with defined service level agreements (SLAs). He monitors the deployment and operations of the network to manage network performance, and orchestrates resource sourcing, consumption allocation to ensure that service delivery meets defined standards. He also configures, scales and deploys infrastructure components and algorithms, and automates network operations to minimise human intervention. He is knowledgeable in networking and virtualisation technologies and is acquainted with infrastructure architecture and high-level design. He has experience in managing a multi-vendor system integration and is able to perform in a large enterprise network environment. He is able to work well with external stakeholders, such as service vendors and users of network slices. The Automation and Orchestration Engineer is a creative problem solver, who is driven and is able to work independently. He bears a strong mindset in quality and timeline adherence. He possesses excellent written and verbal communication skills, and is skilled in negotiation and persuasion. He is also a strong advocate of collaborating across teams and the organisation.
The Head of Infrastructure establishes organisation's overall IT infrastructure strategy and roadmap to transition the organisation towards its future-state IT infrastructure. He/She advices on the development of IT infrastructure standards and governance policies and processes for operations, as well as capabilities and constraints of the IT infrastructure environment. He establishes governance policies, standards, procedures and guidelines to ensure that IT infrastructure architecture, solutions, and technologies are aligned with the organisation's vision and strategy. He builds strong partnership with key stakeholders from a strategic and operational perspective to ensure alignment with business requirements and expectations. He is an proficient with  enterprise architecture methodologies and frameworks, architecture modelling tools, as well as product development methodologies. He is knowledgeable of various cloud, network, storage and security technologies, as well as cloud computing models and services. The Head of Infrastructure is an influential leader with a broad sense of perspective to be able to drive decisions with key internal and external stakeholders. He is strategic in his approach to managing resources and developing capabilities within the team.
The Infrastructure Architect translates the overall business strategy into an infrastructure architecture strategy. He/She defines future state infrastructure architecture design considerations based on current and future business requirements. He engages business leaders and synthesises critical infrastructure gaps, current technology environment, and anticipated business and user challenges to inform architecture design. He determines design specifications of the future state infrastructure architecture, and develops the infrastructure architecture blueprint, roadmap for implementation, as well as plans for the integration of new systems architecture into existing infrastructure. He oversees the implementation of infrastructure architecture and ensures transition of current business practices and processes to enable delivery of appropriate solutions for the business. He also evaluates infrastructure performance against changing business and user requirements to inform architecture design changes. He is familiar with enterprise architecture methodologies and frameworks, and architecture modelling tools. He is knowledgeable of various cloud, network, storage and security technologies, as well as cloud computing models and services. The Infrastructure Architect adopts an analytical and strategic thinking approach to developing innovative infrastructure design that meets business requirements. He possesses strong communication and interpersonal skills, and is able to influence key stakeholders and build strategic relationships with partners and vendors.
The Infrastructure Engineer is responsible for the implementation, testing, optimisation and virtualisation of infrastructure across on-premise, cloud and network infrastructure. He/She performs activities pertaining to infrastructure deployment and performance to ensure delivery of infrastructure solutions in alignment with service standards. He oversees major maintenance and troubleshooting issues, and is responsible for executing upgrades to infrastructure systems. He is familiar with various types of infrastructure systems and platforms, including networks, servers, systems and applications. The Infrastructure Engineer takes a critical and methodical approach towards implementing infrastructure projects performance monitoring. He also maintains high standards of quality and collaborates with team members to resolve complex issues.
The Infrastructure Engineering Manager drives the implementation of strategy for infrastructure operations and maintenance to ensure availability of stable and secure systems and networks. He/She manages project resource allocation and develops infrastructure implementation, operations and maintenance engineers; scopes out policies and sets performance expectations. He identifies problems and presents new methodologies/solutions to key stakeholders to enhance and improve the delivery of infrastructure operations and maintenance services. He has expertise in the planning, implementation and maintenance of infrastructure systems across cloud, on-premise, server and network infrastructure. He is familiar with the infrastructure deployment and IT service management processes, tools and methodologies. He is knowledgeable in both technical and business aspects of the organisations IT infrastructure to bridge gaps and enhance collaboration between IT and functional teams. The Infrastructure Engineering Manager is able to address multi-faceted issues effectively to ensure systems are stable and secure. He adopts a methodical approach to managing project resources and communicates well to his team and key stakeholders on the solutions developed.
The Network Engineer is responsible for the design, installation, configuration and maintenance of Software Defined Network (SDN) infrastructure. His primary responsibilities include the design and build of network infrastructure components, and integrating technologies from various virtualised servers and storage vendors. He/She manages and optimises complex core networks, and configures network equipment and software to ensure alignment with defined network performance levels and security standards and regulations. He collaborates across network and orchestration teams to ensure the smooth delivery of end-to-end network slicing and automation solutions. He is knowledgeable in the use of networking systems and devices, firewalls, wireless controls and technology, network standards including 5G, and network routing protocols. He may be required to work on a rotational on-call or shift basis. The Network Engineer is organised with strong analytical and troubleshooting skills. He has a passion for innovation and new technologies, and is adaptable to dynamic environments.
The Radio Frequency Engineer is responsible for designing, implementing and maintaining wireless networks and systems. He/She installs equipment required for wireless communication, tests and troubleshoots radio networks to ensure quality and performance. He works in conjunction with core and cloud network teams for integrated functioning of the organisation's networks. He possesses deep expertise and knowledge in wireless networking technologies and has the ability to translate business requirements into technical specifications for the design and implementation of wireless networks. He is proficient in the use of simulation software, programming languages and database servers. The Radio Frequency Engineer is an analytical thinker and a problem-solver. He has excellent communication skills and readily establishes collaborative working relationships across teams.
The SysOps Engineer is responsible for the configuration, reliability and efficiency of systems. He/She optimises the capacity and performance of infrastructure, using knowledge of coding and scripting to automate the resolution of recurring issues and elimination of tasks, as well as enabling scalable and distributed systems. He also supports system installation and upgrades, performs continuous monitoring of infrastructure and ensures security and compliance in leveraging cloud platforms. He possesses a high level of proficiency in scripting and programming languages. He is familiar with cloud platforms, scaling and management of infrastructure. He works well with a variety of internal and external stakeholders. He is able to work on an on-call and shift basis, with the ability to prioritise effectively and operate under pressure. The SysOps Engineer enjoys hands-on problem-solving and is driven by investigating challenging, complex problems. He is a resourceful and self-directed individual who performs independently with minimal guidance. He is also an analytical thinker who demonstrates strong interpersonal skills in cross-team collaboration.
The Chief Information Officer leads the IT function and provides strategic directions, solutions and policies to support business goals. He/She develops the information strategy and services to meet business requirements including training and upgrading of systems and/or technology knowledge and skills of all staff to improve productivity through information systems. He directs and promotes governance policies and standards in relation to security, quality, risk and project management. He leads important innovation initiatives and has ultimate accountability for the function. He provides the highest level of advice and recommendations to the heads of organisations or business units. He has the ability to leverage on new and innovative technology to develop strategic directions for the IT functions alignment with the organisation objectives. He is able to propose solutions and influence key stakeholders to drive commitment for initiatives across the organisation.
The Applications Support Engineer is responsible for the operation, support and maintenance of specific software applications, which may be built in-house or third-party software. He/She should have a deep understanding of the application's functionality and backend. He oversees software testing and transition processes and provides necessary support when required. He is responsible for interacting with the application users and setting up, and on boarding of the users. He works in a team setting and is proficient in applications development and monitoring tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solutions are deployed. The Applications Support Engineer uses critical thinking skills to identify and solve problems. He is passionate about analysing and resolving problems, and addressing technical challenges. He also possesses strong interpersonal skills.
The Associate Applications Support Engineer is responsible for the providing support and ensuring the maintenance of specific software applications, which may be built in-house or third-party software. He/She should have a deep understanding of the applications functionality and backend. He is responsible for providing the support to the application development, transition, and testing teams, resolve and document any issues with the application. He works in a team setting and is proficient in applications development and monitoring tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solutions are deployed. The Associate Applications Support Engineer applies critical thinking skills to identify and solve problems. He is passionate about analysing and resolving problems, and addressing technical challenges. He also possesses strong interpersonal skills.
The Associate Data Centre Operations Engineer provides data centre systems maintenance and monitoring service and basic support in data centre equipment installation. He/She monitors data volume, maintains internal documentation and performs independent troubleshooting of recurring issues whenever required. He also assists with the set-up of data centre facilities and equipment, He is required to be on standby with on-call availability with varied shifts including nights, weekends and holidays to resolve data centre related incidents. He works in a team setting and is proficient in database administration, infrastructure concepts and database management-related tools and techniques. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the database is deployed. The Associate Data Centre Operations Engineer is able resolve issues quickly and effectively as they arise. He is able to methodically identify the cause of the issue, evaluate it and develop a solution in collaboration with the team. He is able to communicate effectively and displays high service level standards.
The Associate Database Support Engineer identifies, tests and deploys all database technologies and support tools. He/She ensures system improvements are successfully implemented and is responsible for verifying all data to be entered into database meets set standards and requirements as well as installing, configuring and maintaining the database infrastructure within assigned span-of-control. He assists in project planning by establishing work plans, estimates, milestones and schedules. He is required to be on standby with on-call availability to resolve database related incidents. He works in a team setting and is proficient in database administration, database management-related tools and techniques. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the database is deployed. The Associate Database Support Engineer is able to quickly and effectively solve issues as they arise. He is able to methodically identify the cause of the issue, evaluate it and develop a solution in collaboration with the team. He is able to communicate effectively and displays high service level standards.
The Associate Infrastructure Support Engineer performs routine infrastructure operations and maintenance activities. He/She assists with monitoring infrastructure performance. He checks for problems in existing systems and modifies work processes by following defined procedures, processes and quality standards. He is required to be on standby with on-call availability with varied shifts including nights, weekends and holidays. He works in a team setting and is proficient in infrastructure systems and network-related tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the database is deployed. The Associate Infrastructure Support Engineer is able to solve issues quickly and effectively as they arise. He is able to methodically identify the cause of the issue, evaluate it and develop a solution in collaboration with the team. He is able to communicate effectively and displays high service level standards.
The Associate Operations Centre Support Engineer is responsible for monitoring and identifying incidents in hardware and software components across the organisation. He/She analyses problems, performs troubleshooting and incident response on the system. He is also responsible for maintaining technical and systems documentation. He works in a team setting and is proficient in database systems, network and infrastructure, and monitoring tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solutions are deployed. The Associate Operations Centre Support Engineer has strong critical thinking skills to identify issues, and is passionate about analysing and resolving problems, and addressing technical challenges.
The Associate Systems Support Engineer performs routine systems administration related activities. He/She ensures systems operate in a manner that meets business needs and that system improvements are successfully implemented. He assists with implementing remedial actions in the event of system failures/breakdowns. He maximises service uptime, maintains system backups, manages service licensing and maintains security standards. He is required to be on standby with on-call availability with varied shifts including nights, weekends and holidays to resolve systems related incidents. He works in a team setting and is proficient in infrastructure systems and network-related tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant platforms on which the database is deployed on. The Associate Systems Support Engineer is able to quickly and effectively solve issues as they arise. He is able to methodically identify the cause of the issue, evaluate it and develop a solution in collaboration with the team. He is able to communicate effectively and displays high service level standards.
The Data Centre Operations Engineer provides support in data centre equipment installation, logging data regarding installed corporate server base, developing procedures for server installation, racking, un-racking, de-commissioning hardware and cable patching from server through to server farm switches. He/She manages the data centre performance and operations. He monitors data volume and performs troubleshooting of non-routine or novel issues with little precedence whenever required. He is required to be on standby with on-call availability with varied shifts including nights, weekends and holidays to resolve data centre related incidents. He works in a team setting and is proficient in database administration, infrastructure concepts and database management related tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the database is deployed. The Data Centre Operations Engineer is able to quickly and effectively solve issues as they arise. He is able to methodically identify the cause of the issue, evaluate it and develop a solution in collaboration with the team. He is able to communicate effectively and displays high service level standards.
The Database Support Engineer undertakes complex projects requiring additional technical knowledge and makes decisions on ambiguous administrative and support issues. He/She applies highly developed specialist knowledge and skills in database administration. He implements database improvements and provide the necessary advice on setting up new databases, optimising database performance, and resolving issues that arise during the set-up and update on databases. He is also responsible for resolving database related incidents and ensuring database security and integrity controls are in place. He works in a team setting and is proficient in database administration, database management-related tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the database is deployed on. The Database Support Engineer is able to methodically identify causes of complex issues, evaluate it and develop solutions in collaboration with the team. He is able to communicate effectively and displays high service level standards.
The Head of Operations and Support drives the vision and strategy for the IT Operations and Support functions. He/She sets the direction for systems and database administration, day-to-day IT support and operations, data centre operations and system and quality assurance through the delivery of services as per business requirements; controls costs and manages vendors. He is responsible for formulating strategies for service level agreements. He ensures compliance with organisation's quality standards, international standards and government regulations. He is a leader with the energy and commitment to drive large teams toward achieving service level excellence. He is familiar with enterprise architecture frameworks, database administration and systems, and application monitoring tools. The Head of Operations and Support has a broad sense of perspective with the ability to influence key internal and external stakeholders. He is strategic in his approach to managing resources and developing capabilities within the team. He is effective in setting direction aligned to the strategic positioning of the business and the IT functions overall. He is able to impress upon the team the need to continuously improve service levels and increase efficiencies.
The Infrastructure Support Engineer assists with infrastructure planning, design, operations and maintenance. He/She assists with technical infrastructure performance analysis to identify problems and risks, makes improvement recommendations and supports implementation of preventive solutions. He follows procedures, processes and quality standards and takes appropriate corrective action in response to readily identifiable infrastructure problems and incident. He is required to be on standby with on-call availability with varied shifts including nights, weekends and holidays. He works in a team setting and is proficient in Infrastructure systems and Network related tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the database is deployed. The Infrastructure Support Engineer is able to resolve issues quickly and effectively as they arise. He is able to methodically identify and evaluate the cause of issues, and develop solutions in collaboration with the team. He is able to communicate effectively and displays high service level standards.
The Operations and Support Manager manages systems and database administration and help desk function. He/She focuses on strategic and policy development aspects that will have medium term consequences on the operation of the function and impact elements of organisation performance. He is responsible for Overseeing the incident resolution and business continuity plans along with the database and systems administration. He focuses on setting goals and priorities, allocates accountability among staff, manages the career development of others, liaises with professional staff and other managers, advises the business on technology related issues and engages in medium-term planning. He is familiar with enterprise architecture frameworks, database administration and systems, and application monitoring tools. The Operations and Support Manager possesses an end-to-end understanding of an organisation's system environment and its critical elements that need to be actively managed to ensure service levels are met. He is driven leader, able to align the team behind strategic business priorities and to motivate key stakeholders to strive for continuous improvement at all levels.
The Operations Centre Support Engineer works closely with the hardware and software teams in the organisation. He/She is responsible for implementing and installing new software and hardware components across the organisation. He has to ensure the systems are reliable, monitored, and support operations are conducted in a timely manner. He will also collaborate with stakeholders to serve, observe, own, and solve problems through innovation, reducing friction with production deployments, and increasing availability. He works in a team setting and is proficient in database systems, network and infrastructure, and monitoring tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant software platforms on which the solutions are deployed. The Operations Centre Support Engineer applies critical thinking skills to resolve complex issues. He also applies creative skills in address technical challenges on the job.
The Systems Support Engineer undertakes complex projects related to system provisioning, installations, configurations as well as monitoring and maintenance of systems. He/She applies highly developed specialist knowledge and skills in systems administration and works toward continuous optimisation of system performance. He implements system improvements and instructs other IT staff in the resolution of most complex issues. He is required to be on standby with on-call availability with varied shifts including nights, weekends and holidays to resolve systems related incidents. He works in a team setting and is proficient in Infrastructure systems and Network related tools and techniques required by the organisation. He is also familiar with the relevant platforms on which the database is deployed on. The Systems Support Engineer is able to quickly and effectively solve issues as they arise. He is able to methodically identify the cause of the issue, evaluate it and develop a solution in collaboration with the team. He is able to communicate effectively and displays high service level standards.
The Associate Product Analyst performs market analysis to support product decisions. He/She gathers data available externally and internally to generate reports and prepare the data for analysis. He collects, cleans, analyses and visualises large datasets to create actionable insights. He executes the end-to-end product analysis. He supports the product development team and uses analytical tools and techniques as required by the team. He is familiar with the product offerings and provides data-driven insights. 
The Associate Product Analyst works with data and adopts an analytical approach to solving problems. He is confident in communicating ideas and solutions to the team.
The Associate Product Designer assists in executing the design and development of the product line lifecycle, including the end-to-end iterative design process. He/She supports product development in the conceptualisation and design phase, including research performance, job stories creation, journey mapping, content modelling, wire-framing, prototyping, user testing, and high-fidelity visuals generation to achieve design solutions. He works on design concepts and drawings stipulated by the team to create the best product, and works with various teams to assist in brainstorming product ideas and suggest iterations and improvements to product engineers on products based on market feedback. He is familiar with research methodologies to perform research on product technologies and frameworks to apply to design concepts, is well-versed in product development lifecycles and stays abreast of the latest emerging industry trends in terms of product design. 
The Associate Product Designer keeps up to date with insights, emerging industry trends and feedback from teams, synthesising this information and applying them to product design. He is articulate, a strong communicator with internal and external stakeholders and can work well in a team environment. "
The Associate Product Manager assists the Product Manager in executing activities in product development from conception to launch, research on product functionalities and performance, and brainstorm for ideas with the team on enhancements and/or improvements to products based on market feedback. He compiles research on potential partners for collaboration and brainstorms innovative ideas to grow market share, improve customer experience and drive growth. He works with various teams across the organisation. He is familiar with product development life cycles and management tools and understands product positioning approaches. He is also aware of new and emerging consumer trends in the market.
The Associate Product Manager draws connections across all phases of the product life cycle and develops creative strategies to address them. He is an articulate and influential communicator to both internal and external stakeholders."
The Back End Developer codes and develops server-side systems to support core product functionality and offering. He/She identifies security risks and ensures coding standards meet security requirements. He executes specifications and features for the next iteration of the product based on user needs and feedback, and continuously integrates code changes. He provides support to the quality testing teams. He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with software development tools and standards.

The Back End Developer is innovative in developing a range of product designs and solutions. He supports others in the team and is confident in communicating ideas to the team in a clear and compelling manner."
"The Chief Product Officer defines the organisations product development vision and strategy and ensures alignment of the product roadmap with the strategy and vision. He/She anticipates the impacts of internal and external business challenges and market conditions on the organisation's product development roadmap. He oversees the organisations product development process, and enhancements to product portfolios to improve their commercial performance. He guides development teams on issues related to the product design, development and deployment for the product portfolio, and development of differentiated strategies across the lines of business. 

He works with various teams across the organisation. He is knowledgeable of product development and management practices and tools, as well as product branding and pricing methodologies. He is also knowledgeable of new and emerging consumer and industry trends.

The Chief Product Officer adopts a global mindset and integrates trends and knowledge from varying sources to chart a compelling vision for the future of product portfolios. He is a charismatic leader who inspires others toward common goals. "
"The Chief Technology Officer oversees all technical aspects of the organisation and partners with key stakeholders within the business to evaluate new IT opportunities. for growth. He approves the deployment of new technologies to enhance or develop new services and product offerings. He devises and implements long-term strategies focused on both current and new technologies that can help an organisation go to market more effectively, in turn increasing revenue through technological enhancements.

He is an inspiring leader with a futuristic mindset with an ability to drive innovative enhancements in the organisation. He foresees connections across diverse areas and influence key stakeholder decisions."
"The Front End Developer writes clean testable codes and develops client-side systems to support end users needs and experience. He/She gathers user feedback to propose improvements to the products interface. He provides technical support to develop an intuitive and responsive experience for end users. He supports usability testing to validate user interfaces. He also identifies security vulnerabilities and assists his senior in selecting security tools to aid his senior in addressing these vulnerabilities.

He works in a team and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation to design and develop user interfaces. He is familiar with graphic designing tools and is also knowledgeable in commonly used design methods. He uses various tools to read codes and uncover security vulnerabilities.

The Front End Developer is innovative in designing compelling and intuitive user interfaces. He supports others in the team and is confident in communicating ideas to the team in a clear and compelling manner."
"The Full Stack Developer codes and develops both front-end and back-end systems that balance product functionality with user experience and needs. He/She gathers user feedback to develop an intuitive and responsive experience for end users. He identifies security risks and ensures coding standards meet security requirements. He supports usability testing to validate user interfaces. He executes specifications and features for the next iteration of the product based on user needs and feedback, and continuously integrates code changes. He provides support to the quality testing teams.

He works in a team and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with graphic designing tools and is also knowledgeable in commonly used design methods. He uses various tools to read codes and uncover security vulnerabilities.

The Full Stack Developer is innovative in developing a range of product designs and solutions with compelling and intuitive user interfaces. He supports others in the team and is confident in communicating ideas to the team in a clear and compelling manner."
"The Head of Product drives the product development vision and strategy and ensures alignment of the product roadmap with organisational strategy and vision. He/she oversees the development for a suite of products to achieve strategic goals. He establishes relationships with key clients and business partners to drive business and product growth. He distils insights and competitive intelligence with various market analyses to grow the organisations business.

He works with various teams across the organisation. He is proficient with product development and management practices and tools, as well as various product positioning and pricing methodologies. He keeps abreast of the latest consumer and industry trends and anticipates new trends.

The Head of Product adopts a global mindset when distilling market trends and synthesising opportunities for growth. He guides the team to adopt innovative practices and mindsets. He is an influential leader who inspires others to achieve long-term strategic goals and influence. "
"The Head of Product Analytics identifies actionable solutions for the growth of the organisation. He/She synthesises data from various sources to create a compelling business case. He drives the strategy for gathering, cleaning, analysing and visualising of data. He is responsible for developing organisation-wide guidelines on insight reporting and oversees the end-to-end analysis of products.

He is a key member of the product development team and is proficient in data analytics and visualisation. He is well-versed in various product offerings, latest market trends and is aware of the latest technologies to track data insights. He also provides data-driven insights.

The Head of Product Analytics has a strong analytical mind and uses critical thinking skills to identify underlying issues and develop practical solutions. He is an influential leader who inspires his team and stakeholders to achieve long-term strategic goals, and influence. "
"The Head of Design strategises the design and development of the product line lifecycle, including the end-to-end iterative design process. He/She establishes design policy principles to drive product development in the conceptualisation and design phase, including endorsement of design strategies, and achieving design solutions based on insights researched by the team

He provides insightful directives based on the evaluation of design concepts and drawings by the team to determine the best product and ensure that it is aligned to the latest market trends. He has a strong understanding on how product technologies and frameworks can formulate impactful design concepts, is well-versed in product development lifecycles and stays abreast of the latest emerging industry trends in terms of product design. 

The Head of Design adopts a global mindset while distilling market trends to incorporate them into novel product design strategies, with a clear view of how this sits within the product development lifecycle. He is articulate and a strong communicator within internal and external stakeholders and manages stakeholders expectations as well as coach the team to adopt innovative practices, mindset, and build their competencies in product design. He is an influential leader who inspires his team and stakeholders to achieve long-term strategic goals, and influence."
"The Head of Quality & Risk is responsible for development a quality and risk assessment strategy that addresses all phases of product development, as well as governance frameworks for managing quality and test automation. He/She reviews quality and risk management policies and standards to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and international standards. He defines the approaches and procedures in the identification, selection and assessment of quality and risk standards for adoption, documentation for test reporting and risk assessments, and review of quality and risk standards.  He provides technical inputs on approaches and conduct of quality testing and risk assessments and recommend solutions to resolve significant quality lapses and potential risks that may emerge. He also reviews quality test reports, risk assessments and outcomes to approve product. 

He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with international quality and risk management standards and processes, as well as applicable test automation tools. 

The Head of Quality & Risk manages the quality of and risk in infocomm technology products from end to end and is able to readily integrate and apply knowledge from multiple disciplines. He develops innovative and effective solutions to issues encountered, communicate his plans and advice in a clear and compelling manner that inspires action."
"The Head of Software Engineering defines the software development vision and strategy. He/She also ensures alignment with the organisations architecture. He anticipates the impact of external technological developments on the organisation's software architecture and strategy, ensuring that the software development strategy and processes keep pace with the latest data protection and cyber security practices and guidelines. He maintains oversight on the organisations software deployment strategy, facilitates the seamless implementation and integration of software, and oversees the translation of business requirements to software development initiatives and projects. He also evaluates the viability of recommended changes in software development methodologies, processes and standards for implementation.

He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with the relevant platforms and embedded systems on which the software solution is deployed on. He is also knowledgeable of microprocessor and microcontroller-based hardware components.

The Head of Software Engineering liaises and negotiates with external suppliers and sets operating policies. He displays a forward-looking perspective, inspirational and decisive in envisioning the future of software and applications. He is an influential leader who communicates his ideas persuasively and engages with his team members and other stakeholders."
"The Lead Product Analyst translates market opportunities into actionable solutions for the organisation. He/She extracts and integrates data from various sources to create advanced models to create a business case. He supervises the gathering, cleaning, analysing and visualising of data to make actionable insights. He is responsible for developing guidelines on insight reporting for the team and oversees the end-to-end product analysis.

He is a key member of the product development team and is proficient in data analytics and visualisation. He is knowledgeable in various product offerings and provides data-driven insights.

The Lead Product Analyst has a strong analytical mind and uses critical thinking skills to identify underlying issues and develop practical solutions. He is an influential leader that advise both internal and external stakeholders."
"The Lead Product Designer drives the design and development of the product line lifecycle, including the end-to-end iterative design process. He/She empowers the team to drive product development in the conceptualisation and design phase, including formulation of design strategies and achieving design solutions based on insights researched by the team.

He evaluates design concepts and drawings to determine the best product. He has a strong understanding on how product technologies and frameworks can formulate impactful design concepts, is well-versed in product development lifecycles and stays abreast of the latest emerging industry trends in terms of product design.

The Lead Product Designer translates market insights, emerging industry trends and feedback from teams, into novel product design strategies, with a clear view of how this sits within the product development lifecycle. He is articulate and a strong communicator with internal and external stakeholders and manages stakeholders expectations as well as coach the team to build their competencies in product design. "
"The Lead Product Manager develops the product portfolio roadmap, pricing and launch strategies and financial projections. He/She leads the development for a suite of products, evaluates products to identify gaps, issues with product interface, performance and product functionalities based on market feedback, and prioritises the development of product features against strategic goals and initiatives. He drives market research studies to explore new technology and oversee the development of business proposals for new opportunities.

He works with various teams across the organisation. He uses product development and management tools and is well-versed with various product positioning and pricing methodologies. He is also knowledgeable of new and emerging consumer and industry trends.

The Lead Product Manager adopts a broad perspective when distilling market trends and synthesising opportunities for growth. He puts forth fresh perspectives and innovative strategies to drive product portfolios. He is an influential leader who communicates well and sustains strong, positive relationships with his team and clients, articulating the value of the organisation's products engagingly and compellingly. "
"The Product Analyst translates market opportunities into actionable solutions for the product. He/she extracts and integrates data from various sources to create advanced models to create a business case. He supervises the gathering, cleaning, analysing and visualising of data to make actionable insights. He is responsible for end-to-end product analysis.

He is a key member of the product development team and is proficient in data analytics and visualisation. He is familiar with the product offerings and provides data-driven insights.

The Product Analyst has a strong analytical mind and uses critical thinking skills to identify problems and develop solutions. He is passionate in using data to resolve complex problems. He is a data storyteller and adopts a data-driven approach to resolve business issues."
"The Product Designer is responsible for the design and development of the product line lifecycle, including the end-to-end iterative design process. He/She leads product development in the conceptualisation and design phase, including research performance, job stories creation, journey mapping, content modelling, wire-framing, prototyping, user testing, and high-fidelity visuals generation to achieve design solutions.

He creates design concepts and drawings to determine the best product, and work with various teams to brainstorm product ideas and suggest iterations and improvements to product engineers on products based on market feedback. He is familiar with research methodology to review research outputs on product technologies and frameworks to implement them into design concepts, is well-versed in product development lifecycles and stays abreast of the latest emerging industry trends in terms of product design. 

The Product Designer analyses market insights, emerging industry trends and feedback from teams, synthesising this information and applying them to product design. He visualises how this sits within the product development lifecycle. He is articulate and is a strong communicator with internal and external stakeholders."
"The Product Manager manages the product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities, acting as a liaison to support product positioning and customer demand. He/She guides product development from conception to launch, evaluating product functionalities and performance, and proposing enhancements and/or improvements to products based on market feedback. He analyses potential partner relationships for the product, and generates innovative ideas to grow market share, improves customer experience and drive growth.

He works with various teams across the organisation. He is familiar with product development life cycles and management tools, as well as various product positioning approaches. He is also knowledgeable of new and emerging consumer trends in the market.

The Product Manager draws connections and anticipates issues across all phases of the product life cycle. He also develops creative strategies to address them. He is an articulate and influential communicator to both internal and external stakeholders and works well in a team environment."
"The Product Risk Analyst identifies potential risks and controls by analysing user patterns, track changes and report these changes to the Product Risk Manager. He/She supports risk mitigation activities, perform research on targeted scope determined by the manager to deliver data-driven insights. He is also responsible for supporting the maintenance of the risk management framework within the full product development lifecycle. He ensures that risk management checks are performed with documentations duly completed and ensure internal controls are in place. 

He performs risk assessments based on directives from the manager and drafts the written report. He is familiar with the format and requirements of such reports and applies risk management guidelines throughout the full product development lifecycle. He is also analytical in applying these risk management concepts and thinking skills to product development and propose recommendations to enhance the current risk management framework and policies. 

The Product Risk Analyst synthesises information from risk management assessments and is confident in communicating findings to the team in a clear and compelling manner."
"The Product Risk Manager evaluates potential risks and controls based on findings provided by the Product Risk Analyst. He/She implement risk mitigation activities and determines the targeted scope of research on risk management issues. He is also responsible for driving the monitoring and maintenance of the product risk management process. He reviews risk management documentations and evaluates current controls to seek improvements. 

He provides strategic direction in risk assessments and reviews the written report. He is familiar with the format and requirements of such reports and applies risk management guidelines to various products. He is also analytical in applying these risk management concepts and thinking skills to product development and evaluate the feasibility of the proposed recommendations in enhancing the current risk management framework and policies. 

The Product Risk Manager anticipate issues across all phases of the product life cycle and strategise solutions to mitigate risk management issues. He is an articulate and influential communicator to both internal and external stakeholders and works well in a team environment."
"The Product Security Engineer conducts cyber risk assessment in support of product development, existing product upgrades and new launches to help identify IT related risk and determines appropriate controls to mitigate risks. He/She monitors, identify recurring security issues in each product, tracks and manages risk mitigations and exceptions to ensure cyber security standards and policies are established. He applies a defined set of analytical or scientific methods and works independently. He is also responsible for documentation of cyber risk assessment reports.

He is also responsible for performing real-time analysis of products and trending of security log data from various security devices and systems on products. He responds to user incident reports and evaluates the type and severity of security events.

He is familiar with cyber security standards, protocols and frameworks, and acts in accordance with the Cyber Security Act 2018. He uses various cyber security monitoring and analysis tools and techniques depending on the organisation's needs and requirements. 

The Product Security Engineer is vigilant and systematic in identifying cyber risks, and takes an analytical approach to performing real-time analysis and investigating issues. He communicates well both verbally and in writing."
"The Product Security Engineering Manager guides the assessment of information and cyber risks associated with product development and provides recommendations on control requirements by risk policy and standards. He/She manages and coordinates responses to regulatory inquiries, inspections, audits and ensures cyber security standards and policies are established and implemented. He oversees the development of reports and implements policies and standards, as well as provide strategic direction on the monitoring and maintenance of security operations and incident response. He manages employees and is held accountable for the performance and results of a team. He guides security measures and protocols to stakeholders.  
 
He is familiar with cyber security standards, protocols, and frameworks, and ensures the organisations compliance with the Cyber Security Act 2018. He uses various cyber security monitoring and analysis tools and techniques depending on the organisation's needs and requirements. He also uses cyber risk mitigation strategies and protocols to solve cybersecurity issues in products 
 
The Product Security Engineering Manager is sharp, analytical and anticipates cyber security risks in products to mitigate them ahead of time. He is an excellent communicator and promotes a cooperative working environment and relationships within and beyond his team."
"The Quality Assurance Engineer monitors the software development process to ensure design quality and adherence to standards. He/She is involved in tasks that include software design, source code development, review and control, configuration management and integration of software. He participates in a wide range of quality assurance testing and analyses to ensure that the product meets or exceeds specified quality standards and end-user requirements before release. 

He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with international quality standards and processes, as well as applicable test automation tools.

The Quality Assurance Engineer delivers quality service to internal stakeholders and is meticulous in conducting tests to ensure product quality requirements are met. He anticipates problems in the development process develop, and articulate innovative and effective solutions to address them and prevent re-occurrence."
"The Quality Assurance Manager manages the conduct of various quality assurance tests and analyses to ensure that the product meets or exceeds specified quality standards and end-user requirements. He/She determines quality assurance testing objectives and reviews test plans to ensure alignment of quality testing governance framework and standards. He ensures that system tests are completed, documented and all problems are resolved before release to users. He anticipates internal and/or external business challenges and/or regulatory issues, and recommends process, product, or service improvements. He may lead projects or project steps within a broader project or have accountability for ongoing activities or objectives.

He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with international quality standards and processes, as well as applicable test automation tools.

The Quality Assurance Manager champions high service standards in ensuring products are issue-free and is methodical in performing quality assurance testing, anticipating problems and resolving issues that occur. He applies knowledge from multiple disciplines to develop innovative improvement solutions and communicate his improvement recommendations effectively."
"The Quality Engineer identifies user requirements and expectations to inform quality standards for end-products, and analyses product development processes to identify relevant quality standards. He/She incorporates relevant and suitable international standards into product development processes, quality standards and testing processes. He identifies quality-testing types and variations based on business needs and requirements and develops testing processes. He identifies suitable measures of quality for testing and contributes to the development of test scenarios and plans. He conducts various quality tests, and analyses data to identify operating and usage conditions in which performance of quality measures starts to decline. He also automates quality testing for applicable and suitable tests.

He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with international quality standards, and uses test automation frameworks and tools, as well as applicable quality testing and analysis tools.  

The Quality Engineer possesses strong analytical ability with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. He is highly meticulous in nature, curious and work dynamically."
"The Quality Engineering Manager establishes suitable quality standards at each stage of the development process and evaluates suitability of matrices to assess quality. He/She determines types and variations of quality tests to fulfil business needs and requirements, as well as ensures that testing processes comply with applicable regulatory and relevant quality testing requirements. He synthesises product performance against user feedback to prioritise quality measures for testing and manages the conduct of quality tests on quality measures under different operational and usage conditions. He recommends new technologies, tools and infrastructures, practices, and changes to processes, as well as guides the automation of quality testing.

He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with international quality standards, and uses test automation frameworks and tools, as well as applicable quality testing and analysis tools.

The Quality Engineering Manager possesses strong analytical ability with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. He is highly meticulous in nature, curious and work dynamically."
"The Senior Back End Developer designs, develops, tests, debugs and implements server-side systems to support core product functionality and offering. He/She identifies security risks and ensures coding standards meet security requirements. He determines specifications and features for the next iteration of the product based on user needs and feedback, and continuously integrates code changes. He provides guidance and technical support to the quality testing teams.

He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is proficient in software development tools and standards.

The Senior Back End Developer is innovative and methodical in developing new and improved product designs and solutions. He engages, leads others in the team, and is confident in communicating ideas to the team in a clear and compelling manner."
"The Senior Front End Developer reviews and guides teams in writing clean testable codes, developing designs, tests, and debugs, and implements client-side systems to support end users needs and experience. He/She synthesises user feedback to implement and design improvements to the products interface. He provides technical expertise to develop an intuitive and responsive experience for end users. He conducts usability testing to validate user interfaces. He also evaluates security vulnerabilities and use security tools to address vulnerabilities.

He works in a team and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation to design and develop user interfaces. He is proficient with graphic designing tools and is also knowledgeable in current and emerging design methods. He uses various tools to evaluate these codes and mitigate security vulnerabilities.

The Senior Front End Developer is innovative in designing compelling and intuitive user interfaces. He engages, leads others in the team, and is confident in communicating ideas to the team in a clear and compelling manner."
"The Senior Full Stack Developer reviews and guides teams in developing both front end and back-end systems that balances product functionality with user experience and needs. He/She synthesises user feedback to implement and design improvements to the products interface. He provides technical expertise to develop an intuitive and responsive experience for end users. He conducts usability testing to validate user interfaces. He determines specifications and features for the next iteration of the product based on user needs and feedback, and continuously integrates code changes. He also evaluates security vulnerabilities and uses security tools to address vulnerabilities.

He works in a team and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is proficient with graphic designing tools and is also knowledgeable in current and emerging design methods. He uses various tools to evaluate these codes and mitigate security vulnerabilities.

The Senior Full Stack Developer is innovative in developing a range of product designs and solutions with compelling and intuitive user interfaces. He engages, leads others in the team and is confident in communicating ideas to the team in a clear and compelling manner."
"The Site Reliability Engineer is responsible for monitoring the performance, reliability, availability, latency and security of systems, ensuring that they meet the requirements of internal and external users. He/She optimises system performance with automation to improve system quality and reliability. He conducts regular system maintenance and is responsible for incident response. 

He possesses a high level of proficiency in developing scalable systems. He is familiar with cloud platforms and managing system infrastructure. He works well with internal and external stakeholders to manage the demands of both. He collaborates with the development team to provide solutions that meet operational demands for high reliability and security.

The Site Reliability Engineer is a problem solver who takes charge of investigating and solving complex problems. He is an analytical thinker who makes data-driven decisions and understands the business and consumer needs."
"The Site Reliability Engineering Manager drives the strategy for system operations and maintenance, ensuring highly reliable and scalable systems. He/She addresses multi-faceted issues and presents solutions to enhance and improve systems health and performance.  He champions automation in developing resilient systems.

He has expertise in both technical and business aspects of system development to bridge the gap between development and business functions. He is proficient in various security technologies, as well as cloud computing models and services. He works well with internal and external stakeholders to manage the demands of both. He collaborates with the development team to provide solutions that meet operational demands for high reliability and security.

The Site Reliability Engineering Manager is a strategic thinker that develops robust application systems that meets business requirements. He adopts an innovative mindset to recommend new and emerging solutions. He is a strong communicator who effectively influence both internal and external stakeholders."
"The Software Architect analyses, designs, and develops roadmaps and implementation plans based on a current versus future state business architecture. He/She also reviews recommendations to software architectural standards for approval. He leads and facilitates the software architecture governance process based on the enterprise architecture governance structure and manages exceptions to architectural standards at a software level. He assesses near-term needs to establish business priorities and aligns architectural requirements with IT strategy. He consults with clients and IT teams on software architecture solutions and provides recommendations on emerging technology to senior management. He oversees the development of guidelines and standards to be used in software development, as well as the integration and formulation of the concepts and detailed architecture for the development of applications.

The Software Architect is imaginative and creative, drawing connections from diverse disciplines to develop application architectures and solutions. He analyse, resolve complex issues and interacts effectively with others to gain buy-in where required."
"The Software Engineering Manager focuses on operational and/or tactical responsibilities by providing management to a group of professionals. He/She implements software and platform development strategy and provides advice on security requirements. He translates user requirements into technical specifications and manages the preparation of design specifications. He oversees the development of Proof-of-Concept for solutions and provides technical expertise on the development of software and platform features, ensuring appropriate security and risk factors are considered. He manages the implementation of software and platform solutions, and leads effort in improving the scalability, reliability, and performance of software/platform.

He leads a team and is responsible for managing projects and resources of the team, as well as coaching team members to build technical and leadership capabilities. He is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with software development tools and standards and deploy solutions on relevant software platforms. 

The Software Engineering Manager applies critical and analytical thinking toward developing optimal application solutions. He is a strong leader, is decisive, engages, influences and communicates his ideas persuasively to others."
The Business Development Manager works to improve an organisations market position and achieve financial growth. He/She prospects new clients by networking, cold calling, advertising or other means of generating interest from potential clients He builds key customer relationships, identifies business opportunities, negotiates and closes business deals and maintains extensive knowledge of current market conditions. He plans persuasive approaches and pitches to convince potential clients. He may manage the activities of others supporting business development. He works in a fast-paced dynamic environment, frequently travels to clients' premises, and attends networking events. He is familiar with client relationship management and sales tools. He is knowledgeable of the organisation's products and services, as well as trends, developments and challenges of the industry domain. The Business Development Manager is self-motivated and capable of setting clear and meaningful goals. He displays high levels of resilience when faced with challenges. He understands the consultative selling approach and is able to leverage on and support the role that marketing place in attracting, qualifying and nurturing prospective customers. He is articulate and creative in utilising his product and customer knowledge to close deals.
The Channel Sales Manager utilises strategies and tactics to win, maintain and expand relationships with channel partners. He/She works toward achieving sales, profitability, and channel partner recruitment objectives. He may represent selected number or the entire range of organisation products; develops and implements unique partner joint solutions that deliver a compelling value for target customers. He trains and educates channel sales partners about product and service offerings and features. He assesses, clarifies, and validates partner needs on an ongoing basis to ensure compliance with partner agreements and goals. He works in a fast-paced and dynamic environment that requires visits to channel partner sales premises. He is familiar with client relationship management and sales tools, as well as marketing and promotion methods. He possesses deep product knowledge, and is knowledgeable of industry trends, developments and challenges impacting channel partners. The Channel Sales Manager is self-motivated and service-oriented; able to effectively guide channel sales partners towards mutually beneficial priorities and objectives. He communicates product and product portfolio functionality and benefits in a simple and persuasive manner, ensuring that channel sales partners are self-sufficient.
The Customer Success Director is responsible for establishing strategies to drive customer satisfaction to increase retention and lifetime value for the organisation. He/She defines critical success factors for the team and provides advice on the development of client onboarding, engagement initiatives and programs to ensure successful adoption of solutions and realisation of optimal value for the client. He oversees the development of educational resources and case studies, as well as recommendations and action plans to address challenges faced by the client. He leverages relationships with clients to drive opportunities for new business developments and up-selling and cross-selling. He works in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, and visits clients' premises as and when required. He is familiar with client relationship management and sales tools, as well as customer service frameworks and practices. He is knowledgeable of best practices pertaining to the use of the organisation's products and services, and the client's industry and business needs. The Customer Success Director is highly analytical and forward thinking. He keeps abreast of market development and trends including technology disruptions, legislative and regulatory changes. He possesses strong interpersonal and leadership capabilities to influence key stakeholders and develop team members.
The Customer Success Manager is responsible for driving client satisfaction, increasing retention and lifetime value for the business. He/She ensures the clients derive optimal value from the use of products and services. He develops programmes to onboard the clients and manages the entire onboarding process, determining key milestones with clients and celebrating achievement of milestones. He engages the clients to gain insights on usage and satisfaction with the organisations products and services, formulates plans to address challenges for the clients, and helps the clients derive greater value. He analyses client data to enhance the client experience and satisfaction, and at the same time identifies opportunities for up-selling and cross-selling. He works in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, and visits clients' premises as and when required. He is familiar with client relationship management and sales tools, as well as customer service frameworks and practices. He is knowledgeable of best practices pertaining to the use of the organisation's products and services, and the clients industry and business needs. The Customer Success Manager possesses strong analytical and problem solving skills. He is able to build and sustain relationships with clients, and is seen as a trusted advisor. He is a creative thinker, patient and client-oriented.
The Head of Sales defines, articulates and implements the organisation's vision and strategy for direct and indirect selling of products and/or services. He/She develops sales forecasts, budget and manpower plans; and focuses on executing key growth sales strategies, tactics and action plans required to achieve revenue or sales targets. He advises on the formulation of strategies to secure technical wins, as well as to increase client retention and lifetime value. He pursues key sales prospects, negotiates and constructs appropriate terms of sales. He delivers presentations and product demonstrations to clients. He designs, develops and implements operating policies. He works in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, travels to clients' premises for sales pitches and negotiations, and attends networking events. He is familiar with client relationship management and sales tools, as well as sales operations and business practices. He knowledgeable of the trends, developments and challenges of the industry domain. The Head of Sales is driven to achieve target and deadlines and is able to prioritise objectives and influence stakeholders towards consensus. He is able to establish a vision and strategic direction for the sales team that is aligned with business objectives, while at the same time takes into account client needs. He enjoys networking and building long-lasting relationships with clients and partners.
The Marketing Director drives the organisations business strategy by establishing the organisation's integrated marketing communications (IMC) strategy, partnership marketing arrangements and advices on product development and enhancement. He/She provides senior management with marketing advise, develops budget and manpower plans; and focuses on executing the IMC and partnership marketing plans to achieve business results. He directs the research and data analytics to obtain market and client insights, translates client insights into products and product features with market interest or potential market demand. He operates in a rapidly transforming business environment and functions through his understanding of consumers insights, market trends and industry landscape to promote the organisation and increase market demand. He is a results-oriented, astute leader who is able to negotiate strategically. He possesses strong business acumen and broad understanding of consumer, market and industry trends. He is an inspirational leader with a strong client focus to engage a variety of internal and external stakeholders.
The Marketing Executive supports the administrative and logistical needs for implementing IMC programs and trade events. He/She ensures that all content across platforms is updated, supports partnership marketing by identifying potential partners and managing partner relationships. He conducts market research, gathers client insights, collects and organises feedback from product testing for new marketing, product and/or service ideas. He works in a fluid and collaborative environment. He supports the basic intent of increasing brand awareness and improving products and services. He is innovative, digitally-savvy, resourceful and analytical to spot opportunities for new ideas and test concepts. He is a team player and is able to work under pressure within tight deadlines.
The Marketing Manager contributes to the realisation of the organisations business strategies by driving its marketing and integrated marketing communications (IMC) strategy, developing go-to-market product positioning strategy, generating data-driven insights and monitoring budgets. He/She develops roadmaps for new or enhanced products and services, determines product pricing and is responsible for the development and curation of offline and digital content for accuracy and relevancy. He analyses effectiveness and return on investment from partnership marketing to determine renewal of partnerships. He works in a fast-paced, dynamic and digitally-centric environment where he is expected to lead the development of appealing marketing concepts to promote the organisation and its products. He is an innovative, energetic, collaborative and highly adaptable team leader. He is digitally-savvy and possesses a strong business acumen, strong interpersonal skills and a high level of initiative.
The Pre-Sales Consultant is responsible for providing pre-sales technical expertise to the sales team and clients during the sales process. He/She delivers presentations and technical demonstrations of the organisation's products to prospective clients. He translates the client's business requirements into technical specifications and requirements, and provides technical inputs for proposals, tenders, bids and any relevant documents. He uses prescribed guidelines or policies to analyse and solve problems. He works in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, and travels frequently to clients' premises for technical sales pitches and meetings. He is familiar with client relationship management and sales tools. He possesses deep product and technical knowledge, and is knowledgeable of the trends, developments and challenges of the industry domain. The Pre-Sales Consultant displays effective listening skills and is inquisitive in nature. He possesses deep technical and domain knowledge, pays attention to detail, and has strong analytical and problem-solving capabilities. He has a service-oriented personality and is a team player who works towards developing solutions collaboratively.
The Pre-Sales Director defines and articulates the organisation's strategy for securing technical wins with prospective clients. He/She focuses on developing key growth pre-sales strategies, tactics and action plans required to achieve revenue and/or sales targets. He advises the team on developing prototypes to ensure feasibility of solutions, and oversees the delivery of in-depth presentations and product demonstrations to clients. He solves complex problems and evaluates clients needs with different perspectives. He works in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, and travels frequently to clients' premises for technical sales pitches and meetings. He is familiar with client relationship management and sales tools. He possesses deep product and technical knowledge, and is knowledgeable of the trends, developments and challenges of the industry domain. The Pre-Sales Director is target-driven and client centric, and has the ability to foster collaboration between stakeholders. He has a deep understanding of key business industries and knowledge of products and services in the market. He is strongly committed to developing talent and inspires his team members to pursue a common vision.
The Sales Account Manager acts as a key point of contact between an organisation and its clients. He/She possesses thorough product knowledge and oversees product and/or service sales. He works with customers to identify their wants and prepares reports by collecting, analysing, and summarising sales information. He contacts existing customers to discuss and give recommendations on how specific products or services can meet their needs. He maintains customer relationships to strategically place new products and drive sales for long-term growth. He works in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, and travels frequently to clients' premises for meetings. He is familiar with client relationship management and sales tools. He is knowledgeable of the organisation's products and services, as well as trends, developments and challenges of the industry domain. The Sales Account Manager is a resourceful, people-focused and persistent individual, who takes rejection as a personal challenge to succeed when given opportunity. He appreciates the value of long lasting relationships and prioritises efforts to build trust with existing and potential customers. He exhibits good listening skills and is able to establish rapport with customers and team members alike easily.
The Sales Director determines sales targets, markets and product offering. He/She focuses on revenue target setting accountability, sales strategy and career development of others, liaising with professional staff and other managers on the medium- to long-term sales planning. He develops, communicates and implements the operational strategy, regularly leads important sales initiatives and has ultimate accountability for the sales function. He oversees the preparation and presentation of technical proposals and ensures that the complete plans are feasible within cost, time, and environmental constraints. He drives product differentiation and optimises the use of resources, evaluates partnership effectiveness, and advises on corrective action. He solves complex problems and adopts new perspectives to drive sales. He works in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, and travels to clients' premises for sales pitches and negotiations. He is familiar with client relationship management and sales tools, as well as sales operations and business practices. He knowledgeable of the trends, developments and challenges of the industry domain. The Sales Director is creative and self-motivated, and is dedicated to growing the business. He contributes his expertise to product development and brainstorming of marketing campaigns, as needed. He is a competent decision maker who exhibits flexibility amidst a rapidly changing environment. He strives to train talent and build successful teams.
The Sales Executive identifies and qualifies prospective clients, seek opportunities for new sales through client and market research. He/She keeps clients informed of new products/service offerings and assists with translating client and channel partner needs into actionable insights. He provides administrative support to the sales teams, including the development of channel sales product promotions and co-marketing activities. He responds to technical and procedural questions, coordinates the formulation of price quotations, submission of sales contract for orders and maintenance of customer records. He supports the training and guides channel sales partners about product and/or service offerings and features based on mutual performance objectives. He works in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, and travels to clients' premises for meetings as and when required. He is familiar with client relationship management and sales tools. He is knowledgeable of the organisation's products and services, as well as trends, developments and challenges of the industry domain. The Sales Executive is self-motivated and mindful of placing the client's interests at the forefront of his/her priorities. He is able to confidently explain how the product can add value to the customer and is proactive in identifying and addressing client needs. He is a team player who is able to take rejection as a personal challenge to succeed when given the next opportunity.
The Associate Embedded Systems Engineer performs software design, development and implementation of embedded systems in a product development environment. He/She programs embedded systems to perform specific tasks in real-time and within the device which it serves. He specifies and prototypes new products and solutions. He develops embedded systems testing and simulation tools aligned with security standards. He tests new products and documents results. He identifies systems issues, performs root cause analysis and develops solutions to increase embedded systems reverse engineering resilience. He migrates embedded software stack across platforms. He works in a team setting and is familiar in programming languages required by the organisation. He is also knowledgeable of microprocessor and microcontroller based hardware components. The Associate Embedded Systems Engineer is eager to learn and is keen to try his hand at developing, testing and implementing embedded systems prototypes, displaying curiosity and resilience when he encounters problems. He enjoys the camaraderie of a team environment and readily shares his views and ideas when working with others.
The Associate Software Engineer applies subject matter knowledge in applications development, possessing well-developed skills in design, development, testing, debugging and implementing software applications or specialised utility programs in support of end users' needs on platforms. He/She supports regular updates and recommends improvements to existing applications. He works under limited supervision to effectively deal with unfamiliar issues, and follows recommended coding standards and secure-coding principles to avoid security vulnerabilities. He provides technical support to the quality testing teams. He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with software development tools and standards, as well as the relevant software platforms on which the solution is deployed on. The Associate Software Engineer is a keen learner, and able to apply structured, analytical thinking to develop applications. He is a strong team player, who communicates his ideas and gets along with others easily.
The Associate User Interface Designer performs requirements analysis for the design of user interfaces (UIs) and drafts technical specifications for the design of UIs. He/She assists in the development and programming of intuitive and responsive UIs for each screen or page with which a user interacts. He assists in developing prototypes for UIs, conducts usability testing for validation, and supports the evaluation of the effectiveness of the UI. He prepares reports on UI design performance indicators, proposes, modifications in the design of user interface based on user feedback, as well as solutions to address design issues. He works in a team and is familiar with programming languages used by the organisation to design and develop UIs. He is familiar with graphic designing tools, and is also knowledgeable of Universal Principles of Design as well as commonly used design methods. The Associate UI Designer adopts a broad perspective to user interface design concepts, and is open to exploring new possibilities in the development of user interface of software products. He is adept at interpreting data and using it to propose recommendations that may enhance the user experience.
The DevOps Engineer is responsible for the design and implementation of applications build, release, deployment and configuration activities, and is a team member for the agile development process. He/She builds the continuous integration and continuous deployment pipeline and prioritises development items in the pipeline. He develops Proof-of-Concepts to evaluate feasibility of the software application and tools for the development team, and develops suitable application and tools. He determines specifications and features for the next iteration of software application development based on user needs and feedback, continuously integrates code changes, and conducts various automated testing to ensure the software application remains functional. He also performs continuous deployment through automating the deployment process, and manages the releases of software application versions and features. He works with internal business partners to gather requirements, prototyping, architecting, implementing and/or updating solutions, building and executing test plans, performing quality reviews, managing operations, and triaging and fixing operational issues. He works in a fast-paced environment and must be able to adjust to constant business change, evolving goals and strategies, and emerging technologies. He is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation, and is familiar with continuous integration and deployment tools, relevant platforms, automated testing tools, and configuration management tools. He is also knowledgeable of crypto primitives, authentication protocols and authorisation standards. The DevOps Engineer is innovative and analytical in nature, possessing strong communication and interpersonal skills to engage with stakeholders. He is a team player with the ability to perform independently with minimal guidance, and thrives in a dynamic environment. He is also a resourceful and self-motivated individual.
The Embedded Systems Engineer envisions, designs, implements, tests, and delivers embedded systems in a product development environment. He/She contributes to the definition of requirement, product, design specifications and collaborates with hardware team throughout the software development lifecycle. He defines innovative approaches to embedded systems development and integration of security aspects. He develops prototypes, creates software tools for test and automation, and evaluates latest technologies. He works with a team setting and is proficient programming languages required by the organisation. He is also knowledgeable of microprocessor and microcontroller based hardware components. The Embedded Systems Engineer is methodical in the development and integration of embedded systems, and also creative in exploring ways to enhance embedded system solutions further. He works effectively in a team, guides junior team members and is able to engage others when presenting his ideas to both internal and external stakeholders.
The Embedded Systems Engineering Manager plans and oversees the embedded system design, development and integration aligned with policy and standards. He/She scopes out requirement specifications, plans project life cycles and estimates resources and budgets. He communicates with stakeholders to gain buy-in and coordinates deliverables with multiple product line owners. He oversees the preparation of test procedures and performance of qualification testing as well as development of product and design documentation. He guides validation and verification of overall system design concepts and framework. He provides manufacturing and final product release support. He manages and develops junior staff. He leads a team and is responsible for managing projects and resources of the team, as well as coaching team members to build their technical capabilities. He is also an expert in microprocessor and microcontroller-based hardware components, and the interconnectivity between systems and networks. The Embedded Systems Engineering Manager manages a team of engineers and other stakeholders, he is a confident leader who can justify his decisions, put forth his ideas in a persuasive manner and engage others to gain buy-in. He should also be analytical and structured in the planning and management of embedded system design and integration projects, anticipating problems and developing solutions to them.
The Head of Software Engineering defines the software development vision and strategy and ensure alignment with the organisations architecture. He/She anticipates the impact of external technological developments on the organisation's software architecture and strategy, and ensures that the software development strategy and processes keeps pace with the latest data protection and cyber security practices and guidelines. He maintains oversight on the organisations software deployment strategy, facilitates the seamless implementation and integration of software, and oversees the translation of business requirements to software development initiatives and projects. He also evaluates viability of recommended changes in software development methodologies, processes and standards for implementation. He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with the relevant platforms and embedded systems on which the software solution is deployed on. He is also knowledgeable of microprocessor and microcontroller based hardware components. The Head of Software Engineering liaises and negotiates with external suppliers and sets operating policies. He displays a forward-looking perspective, inspirational and decisive in envisioning the future of software and applications. He is an influential leader who is able to communicate his ideas persuasively and engage with team members and other stakeholders.
The Lead User Interface Designer reviews requirements for user interfaces (UIs) and provides advice on design aspects. He/She evaluates overall user experience concept and design specifications, and advises stakeholders on feasibility of UI solutions and recommend alternatives. He oversees the direction of UI designs to ensure alignment with branding elements, standards and guidelines. He also provides technical inputs for the transfer of content and layout into an intuitive and responsive interface for users, as well as synthesises findings and insights from research and feedback to develop design iterations. He develops UI design performance indicators, reviews frameworks and reporting standards and oversees enhancements of UIs. He leads a team and is an expert in UI and programming languages. He also explores new graphic designing tools, and is consulted as a subject matter expert in the Universal Principles of Design and commonly used Design Methods. The Lead User Interface Designer draws on a broad range of knowledge and perspectives to drive user-centric ideas for an interface, and translates these ideas into technical systems and components that yield the optimal user experience. He is a persuasive communicator and is able to gain others' agreement and support for his creative and innovative designs.
The Software Architect analyses, designs and develops roadmaps and implementation plans based on a current versus future state business architecture, and reviews recommendations to software architectural standards for approval. He/She leads and facilitates the software architecture governance process based on the enterprise architecture governance structure, and manages exceptions to architectural standards at a software level. He assesses near-term needs to establish business priorities and aligns architectural requirements with IT strategy. He consults with clients and IT teams on software architecture solutions and provides recommendations on emerging technology to senior management. He oversees the development of guidelines and standards to be used in software development and integration, and formulates the conceptual and detailed architecture for the development of applications. The Software Architect is imaginative and creative, drawing connections from diverse disciplines to develop application architectures and solutions. He enjoys the challenge of analysing, resolving complex issues and is able to interact effectively with others to gain buy-in where required.
The Software Engineer leads important projects and possesses capability to make breakthroughs in design, development, testing, debugging and implementing software applications or specialised utility programs in support of end users' needs on platforms. He/She plans and coordinates regular updates and recommends improvements to existing applications. He identifies and resolves issues which have organisation wide and long-term impact. He identifies security risks, creates requirements to capture security issues, and performs initial threat modelling to ensure coding standards meets security requirements. He develops and maintains the software configuration management plan and oversees the building, verification and implementation of software releases. He provides guidance and technical support to the quality testing teams. He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with software development tools and standards, as well as the relevant software platforms on which the solution is deployed on. The Software Engineer is imaginative and creative in exploring a range of application designs and solutions. He is able to engage and support others in the team, readily put forth his ideas in a clear and compelling manner.
The Software Engineering Manager focuses on operational and/or tactical responsibilities by providing management to a group of professionals. He/She implements software and platform development strategy and provides advice on security requirements. He translates user requirements into technical specifications and manages the preparation of design specifications. He oversees the development of Proof-of-Concept for solutions, and provides technical expertise on the development of software and platform features, ensuring appropriate security and risk factors are considered. He manages the implementation of software and platform solutions, and leads effort in improving the scalability, reliability and performance of software and platform. He leads a team and is responsible for managing projects and resources of the team, as well as coaching team members to build technical and leadership capabilities. He is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with software development tools and standards, as well as the relevant software platforms on which the solution is deployed on. The Software Engineering Manager applies critical and analytical thinking toward developing optimal application solutions. He is a strong leader who is decisive, able to engage, influence and communicate his ideas persuasively to others.
The User Interface Designer determines business needs and user requirements for user interface (UI) design and formulates technical specifications and delivery platform requirements for UI. He/She translates content and layout into an intuitive and responsive experience for users, and manages the design of UI elements for projects to ensure consistency and alignment to overall concept. He ensures that the UI visually communicates the path that a user experience designer has laid out. He oversees the conduct of usability testing to validate UIs, implementation of UIs, and analyses design audits for improvements. He works in a team and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation to design and develop UIs. He is familiar with various graphic designing tools, as well as Universal Principles of Design and commonly used Design Methods. The UI Designer is imaginative and innovative in designing new and improved user interfaces. He adopts a structured approach when managing projects and performing testing. He keeps an open mind and leverages varying sources of information and data analytics to derive trends and identify potential design improvements. He is able to communicate his ideas to team members and other stakeholders in a clear and compelling manner.
The Associate Business Analyst assists in the identification and analysis of business requirements and systems specifications. He/She conducts feasibility studies and analysis on the risk and benefits of proposed solutions. He analyses systems and processes to identify enhancement opportunities to resolve system gaps, evaluates the ability of an existing system to support proposed changes, and identifies systems deficiencies and performance gaps. He assists with translating business requirements into functional specifications, and documents specifications and interfaces between legacy and new systems, and systems enhancements and detailed specifications. He supports users on change control and systems updates and User Acceptance Testing and integration testing in accordance with the implementation plan. He is knowledgeable of techniques to elicit and manage requirements, as well as software development models including Agile methodologies. He is also familiar with requirements life cycle management, analysis planning and monitoring, requirements analysis and design definition. The Associate Business Analyst possesses an analytical mind, and is able to see interlinkages with system solutions and usability. He adopts a systematic approach in handling ambiguous or complex issues, and actively discusses his perspectives to arrive at effective solutions.
The Associate User Experience Designer assists in the design of user journeys and development of wireframes, ensuring design work is consistent with design and brand standards, analytics insights and customer feedback. He/She coordinates consultation sessions with stakeholders to gather requirements and needs, conducts research on user needs and behaviours, market and industry trends, as well as comparable experiences to support development of user experience (UX). He assists in usability assessments and tests, and analyses the pros and cons of refinements and iterations. He works under supervision to effectively deal with unfamiliar issues. He is knowledgeable of user experience design methodologies and familiar with relevant design tools and software. The Associate UX Designer is analytical in the evaluation of user feedback and offers new and fresh perspectives and suggestions to optimise the user experience. He is articulate and comfortable with brainstorming and putting forth his ideas to team members and other stakeholders to co-create an ideal user experience.
The Business Analyst/Artificial Intelligence (AI) Translator serves as the liaison between the business and technical teams in translating complex business needs into technological solutions. He/She analyses business technology requirements and specifications against value and risk of potential solutions, and conducts cost-benefit and risk assessment analysis for proposed solutions to determine suitability of solutions. He examines interactions between systems elements, systems performance and issues, and designs the solution blueprint for the specific area of expertise with the consideration of implications for integration across the entire solution. He translates business requirements and user needs into functional and technical specifications, ensuring that business requirements are incorporated into the solution design. He develops multi-disciplinary technical expertise to support senior management in complex projects, as well as reviews work at critical milestones with team leader or sponsor to maintain their commitment and support. He is knowledgeable of techniques to elicit and manage requirements, as well as software development models including Agile methodologies. He is also familiar with requirements life cycle management, analysis planning and monitoring, requirements analysis and design definition. The Business Analyst/AI Translator is able to see connections between business and IT needs of an organisation in order to develop and communicate effective system solutions. He thrives and easily draws trends from ambiguous circumstances, and addresses complex issues with sound judgement and decisions.
The Business Architect analyses, designs and develops roadmaps and implementation plans based on a current versus future state business architecture, and review the architecture standards for approval. He/She leads and facilitates the business architecture governance process based on the enterprise architecture governance structure, and manages exceptions to architectural standards at a business level. He assesses near-term needs to establish business priorities and aligns architectural requirements with IT strategy. He consults with clients and IT teams on business architecture solutions and provides recommendations on emerging technology to senior management. He works in a dynamic and evolving business environment. He is knowledgeable of relevant enterprise architecture methodologies, frameworks and modelling tools. He is also familiar with organisational design frameworks and tools. The Business Architect effectively synthesises diverse needs of the business unit, and has strong situational analysis, problem solving and decision making abilities. He possesses excellent communication skills and is able to influence key stakeholders.
The Data Protection Executive assists in executing data governance policies and procedures. He/She is responsible for handling queries, complaints and disputes on the organisations management of personal data. He collaborates with business and project teams to support business objectives and strategies and align them with the organisation's data protection guidelines and policies. He manages risks and data breach incidents. He is also responsible for driving awareness of the Personal Data Protection Act requirements in the organisation. He works in a team setting and is knowledgeable of data governance, compliance and data protection policies and frameworks. He is also well versed in data breach mitigation techniques and procedures. He should be familiar with the requirements of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012. As one who is responsible for handling queries, complaints and disputes on the organisations management of personal data, the Data Protection Executive is confident in making critical decisions and providing quick and impactful resolutions.
The Data Protection Officer executes data governance policies and procedures. He/She ensures the Data Protection Act is implemented and enforced in the organisation, and amongst the respective teams and users. He collaborates with business and project teams in projects and ensures alignment and compliance with the organisation's data protection guidelines and policies, and with industry standards and guidelines. He also directs a team of professionals and third-party vendors or service providers to achieve organisational goals in accordance with the data governance and data protection policies. He manages risks and data breach incidents. The Data Protection Officer is knowledgeable in areas of data governance, compliance and data protection policies and frameworks, and works within and across teams to mitigate data breaches. He is expected to be proficient in the requirements under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012. The Data Protection Officer adopts a broad and global perspective in his work, and is confident in making critical decisions and handling competing resource needs that may have implications on various projects and stakeholders.
The Enterprise Architect leads the ecosystem-wide technical and business discussions in respect to future enterprise direction, aligning architecture strategy with organisational goals. He/She leads and facilitate the development of governing principles to guide enterprise architecture decision making, and formulates the enterprise architectural requirements. He develops plans and assess improvement options and oversees the quality activities within the organisation. He establishes a technology research strategy and roadmap, oversees the research and evaluation of emerging technology, industry and emerging trends, and advises on options, risks, costs versus benefits, system impact and technology priorities. He works in a dynamic and evolving business environment. He is knowledgeable of relevant enterprise architecture methodologies, frameworks and modelling tools, as well as information technology architectures and technologies. He is also familiar with organisational design frameworks, and process mapping tools. The Enterprise Architect effectively synthesises diverse enterprise needs and perspectives, and is able to put forth original and fresh ideas, solutions and recommendations. He possesses superior leadership and communication abilities and is able to influence key stakeholders.
The Group Data Protection Officer executes data governance policies and procedures. He/She ensures the Data Protection Act is implemented and enforced within the respective teams and users within the organisation. He partners with business and project teams to support business objectives and strategies and align them with the organisation's data protection guidelines and policies. He directs a team of professionals and third-party vendors or service providers towards reaching organisational goals in accordance with the data governance and data protection policies. He manages risks and data breach incidents. The Group Data Protection Officer is an expert in local and regional data protection practices and legislative requirements, as well as the Personal Data Protection Act 2012. He also provides expert advice to the organisation on the potential implications of data protection on the organisations policies, procedures and projects. The Group Data Protection Officer is an expert in understanding the nuances data protection laws, and keeps abreast of the changing landscape to be able to advise and guide the organisation towards compliance. He is an expert in communicating across cultures and domains, and is able to drive the organisations data protection culture.
The Head of IT Audit develops the organisation's IT audit framework to manage regulatory and operational risks to safeguard IT assets. He/She defines key objectives and guiding principles for the formulation of IT risk management programs, as well as procedures for documenting and updating policies, standards, guidelines relating to the management of IT assets. He advices on the development of IT audit plans and ensures that audit plans comply with regulatory, operational, security risks and relevant internal auditing standards. He oversees the conduct of audits, respective investigations into non-compliance and risks identified from audits. He overlooks new IT policies, systems and processes necessary for enhancing IT controls and mitigate risks. He consults with and advises senior leaders regarding internal controls and security procedures, prepares activity and progress reports relating to the IT audit function. He also guide team members on procedures, technical problems, priorities, and methods to develop audit capabilities. He works in a dynamic environment due to rapid changes in the IT landscape. He is knowledgeable of relevant regulatory requirements and internal auditing standards, particularly in the area of technology risk management. The Head of IT Audit possesses strong leadership and communication abilities, and is able to set realistic goals and implement appropriate plans to guide the team toward achieving those goals. He has a deep understanding of the environment in which systems operate and is able to advise and influence key stakeholders.
The Head of Product defines the organisations product development vision and strategy, and ensures alignment of the product roadmap with the strategy and vision. He/She anticipates the impacts of internal and external business challenges and market conditions on the organisation's product development roadmap. He oversees the organisations product development process, and enhancements to product portfolios to improve their commercial performance. He guides development teams on issues related to the product design, development and deployment for the product portfolio, and development of differentiated strategies across the lines of business. He distils insights and competitive intelligence with various market analyses to grow the organisations business. He works with various teams across the organisation. He is knowledgeable of product development and management practices and tools, as well as product branding and pricing methodologies. He is also knowledgeable of new and emerging consumer and industry trends. The Head of Product adopts a global mindsets and integrates trends and knowledge from varying sources to chart a compelling vision for the future of product portfolios. He is a charismatic leader who inspires others toward common goals.
The Head of Quality is responsible for development a quality strategy that addresses all phases of product development, as well as governance frameworks for managing quality and test automation. He/She reviews quality management policies and standards to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and international standards. He defines the approaches and procedures in the identification, selection and assessment of quality standards for adoption, documentation for test reporting, and review of quality standards. He provides technical inputs on approaches and conduct of quality testing, and recommend solutions to resolve significant quality lapses. He also reviews quality test reports and outcomes to approve product. He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with international quality standards and processes, as well as applicable test automation tools. The Head of Quality manages the quality of infocomm technology products from end to end, he is able to readily integrate and apply knowledge from multiple disciplines. He is able to develop innovative and effective solutions to issues encountered, communicate his plans and advice in a clear and compelling manner that inspires action.
The IT Audit Manager determines objectives and potential impact of IT audit plan arising from changes technological landscape and regulations. He develops an IT audit plan that complies with relevant auditing standards. He/She manages the implementation of IT audit plans and activities, as well as investigation of non-compliance and identified risk to determine required changes to structure, policies, processes and behaviours. He reviews audit findings and assess overall state of IT governance, compliance and risks, including evidences for accuracy and comprehensiveness to support audit conclusions. He reviews audit reports for comprehensiveness and adherence to relevant reporting standards and develops recommendations to enhance IT compliance and strengthen controls against emerging risks. He also provides guidance to team members on the planning and implementation of IT audits. He works in a dynamic environment due to rapid changes in the IT landscape. He is knowledgeable of relevant regulatory requirements and internal auditing standards, particularly in the area of technology risk management. The IT Audit Manager is detailed-oriented and is passionate about interpreting data to uncover patterns and trends between various sources of information. He is able to independently drive for resolution of issues, clearly articulate concepts and provide advice to the broader audience.
The IT Auditor determines audit objectives and activities by examining changes to the technological landscape, regulations and the organisation's IT assets and technologies to identify potential risks to IT assets. He/She assists in the development of an IT audit plan which includes outlining all workflows and audit activities. He conducts audit activities as per audit plan and analyses IT business controls and processes against organisational and industry standards to identify areas of non-compliance and potential risks. He assists with investigation and the preparation of documentation of work performed and develops reports. He also identifies potential recommendations to enhance compliance and address risks identified. He works in a dynamic environment due to rapid changes in the IT landscape. He is knowledgeable of relevant regulatory requirements and internal auditing standards, particularly in the area of technology risk management. The IT Auditor has a natural ability to process diverse sets of information and see relevant interdependencies and linkages. He is inquisitive and observant when analysing issues and is able to effectively articulate concepts and ideas.
The Lead User Experience Designer defines the user experience (UX) vision and roadmap, as well as standards for user-centric design, information architecture and usability for consistency. He/She engages stakeholders and users to determine their goals, needs and requirements, defining interaction models, user task flows, and user experience (UX) specifications. He oversees all phases of usability testing, determines refinements and iterations, and recommends alternative approaches to ensure product flows are logical. He also oversees improvements to functionality, design and navigation of application sites. He works in a team setting and is proficient in the application of user experience design methodologies, as well as relevant design tools and software. The Lead UX Designer has a broad, global mindset and integrates varying perspectives to envision the optimal user experience and develop new, innovative, high-level design strategies. He is also persuasive and compelling when communicating his ideas and vision to stakeholders.
The Product Manager manage the product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities, acting as a liaison to support product positioning and customer demand. He/She guides product development from conception to launch, evaluating product functionalities and performance, and proposing enhancements and/or improvements to products based on market feedback. He analyses potential partner relationships for the product, and generate innovative ideas to grow market share, improve customer experience and drive growth. He works with various teams across the organisation. He is familiar with product development life cycles and management tools, as well as various product positioning approaches. He is also knowledgeable of new and emerging consumer trends in the market. The Product Manager is able to see inter-connections and anticipate issues across all phases of the product life cycle and develop creative strategies to address them. He is an articulate and influential communicator to both internal and external stakeholders and is able to work well in a team environment.
The Program Director leads and sets the direction for executing cross-functional and regional programs from initiation to completion. He creates portfolio roadmaps, defines and/or modifies portfolio processes and procedures, develop the portfolio risk management plan, and monitors performance of portfolios. He/She partners with business leaders and determines program goals that support business objectives and strategies. He directs a team of professionals and third-party vendors or service providers towards reaching organisational goals related to programs. He manages risks that affect the delivery of outcomes. He designs, develops and implements operating policies. He also drives the adoption of Agile practices and values for projects and programs within the organisation, including the implementation of Scrum process framework. He works in a team setting and is knowledgeable of Agile practices and methodology, project management methodologies and tools, as well as Scrum process framework. As one who directs multiple programs, the Program Director adopts a broad, global perspective and is confident in making critical decisions and handles competing resource needs with implications on various projects and stakeholders. He is an excellent leader who has a passion for mentoring and developing professionals in the team.
The Program Manager plans and oversees multiple inter-dependent programs spanning multiple years that impact one or more business units or one larger project. He/She oversees all aspects of assigned programs throughout program lifecycles to ensure completion within the defined scope, quality, time and cost constraints. He ensures accurate allocations of resources throughout the program. He leads multi-disciplinary teams, composed of various levels of personnel, vendors, and clients to create and deploy successful programs. He coaches team members on Agile practices and values, and Scrum process framework. He is proficient in Agile practices and methodology, project management methodologies and tools, as well as Scrum process framework. The Program Manager is confident and decisive in leading projects, overseeing the completion and integration of inter-dependent programs and parts. He has excellent communication skills, capable of effectively influencing various internal and external stakeholders.
The Project Manager/Scrum Master plans projects and takes ownership of the successful implementation and achievement of project objectives. He/She defines project resources, manages project progress, and facilitates interaction and tasks of various parties to reduce the risk of overall failure. He develops and identifies advances/opportunities in project management to improve timely delivery of projects and efficient use of resources. He ensures the adoption of Scrum process framework and practices. He works in a team setting and is knowledgeable of Agile practices and methodology, project management methodologies and tools, as well as Scrum process framework. The Project Manager/Scrum Master is an effective team player who manages project timelines, stakeholders, deliverables and resources in a structured manner. He adopts an analytical and strategic approach in developing and communicating solutions that meet project objectives and stakeholder needs.
The Quality Assurance Engineer monitors the software development process to ensure design quality and adherence to standards. He/She is involved in tasks that include software design, source code development, review and control, configuration management and integration of software. He participates in a wide range of quality assurance testing and analyses to ensure that product meets or exceeds specified quality standards and end-user requirements before release. He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with international quality standards and processes, as well as applicable test automation tools. The Quality Assurance Engineer takes pride in delivering quality service to internal stakeholders and is meticulous in conducting tests to ensure product quality requirements are met. He should be able to anticipate problems in the development process, and develop and articulate innovative and effective solutions to address them and prevent re-occurrence.
The Quality Assurance Manager manages the conduct of various quality assurance tests and analyses to ensure that the product meets or exceeds specified quality standards and end-user requirements. He/She determines quality assurance testing objectives and reviews test plans to ensure alignment of quality testing governance framework and standards. He ensures that system tests are completed, documented and all problems are resolved before release to users. He anticipates internal and/or external business challenges and/or regulatory issues, and recommends process, product or service improvements. He may lead projects or project steps within a broader project or have accountability for ongoing activities or objectives. He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with international quality standards and processes, as well as applicable test automation tools. The Quality Assurance Manager champions high service standards in ensuring products are issue-free and is methodical in performing quality assurance testing, anticipating problems and resolving issues that occur. He is able to apply knowledge from multiple disciplines to develop innovative improvement solutions, and communicates his improvement recommendations effectively.
The Quality Engineer identifies user requirements and expectations to inform quality standards for end-products, and analyses product development processes to identify relevant quality standards. He/She incorporates relevant and suitable international standards into product development processes, quality standards and testing processes. He identifies quality-testing types and variations based on business needs and requirements and develops testing processes. He identifies suitable measures of quality for testing, and contributes to the development of test scenarios and plans. He conducts various quality tests, and analyses data to identify operating and usage conditions in which performance of quality measures starts to decline. He also automates quality testing for applicable and suitable tests. He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with international quality standards, test automation frameworks and tools, as well as applicable quality testing and analysis tools. The Quality Engineer possesses strong analytical ability with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. He is highly meticulous in nature, curious and is able to work in a dynamic environment.
The Quality Engineering Manager establishes suitable quality standards at each stage of the development process, and evaluates suitability of matrices to assess quality. He/She determines types and variations of quality tests to fulfil business needs and requirements, as well as ensures that testing processes comply with applicable regulatory and relevant quality testing requirements. He synthesises product performance against user feedback to prioritise quality measures for testing, and manages the conduct of quality tests on quality measures under different operational and usage conditions. He recommends new technologies, tools and infrastructures, practices and changes to processes, as well as guides the automation of quality testing. He works in a team setting and is proficient in programming languages required by the organisation. He is familiar with international quality standards, test automation frameworks and tools, as well as applicable quality testing and analysis tools. The Quality Engineering Manager possesses strong analytical ability with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. He is highly meticulous in nature, curious and is able to work in a dynamic environment.
The Senior Product Manager develops the product portfolio roadmap, pricing and launch strategies and financial projections. He/She oversees the development for a suite of products, evaluates products to identify gaps, issues with product interface, performance and product functionalities based on market feedback, and prioritises the development of product features against strategic goals and initiatives. He drives market research studies to explore new technology, and Oversee the development of business proposals for new opportunities. He works with various teams across the organisation. He is knowledgeable of product development and management tools, as well as various product positioning and pricing methodologies. He is also knowledgeable of new and emerging consumer and industry trends. The Senior Product Manager adopts a broad perspective when distilling market trends and synthesising opportunities for growth. He is able to put forth fresh perspectives and innovative strategies to drive product portfolios. He is an influential leader who communicates well and sustains strong, positive relationships with his team and clients, articulating the value of the organisation's products engagingly and compellingly.
The Solutions Architect analyses, designs and develops roadmaps and implementation plans based on a current versus future state solutions architecture. He/She leads and facilitates the solutions architecture governance processes based on the enterprise architecture governance structure and manages exceptions to architectural standards at a solutions level. He assesses near-term needs to establish business priorities, analyses and develop solutions architectural requirements, and ensures alignment of architectural requirements with the IT strategy. He analyses the current architecture to identify weaknesses and identifies opportunities for improvement, and performs ongoing architecture quality review activities. He works in a dynamic and evolving business environment. He is familiar with enterprise architecture methodologies and frameworks, architecture modelling tools, as well as product development methodologies. He is knowledgeable about digital product development of industrial Internet of Things, applications and web services. He is also familiar with international telecommunications standards and protocols. The Solutions Architect is recognised as the most experienced and knowledgeable resources within the field in the organisation. He collaborates with other departments on architecting solutions design, and integrating diverse needs and perspectives to develop fresh ideas and solutions. He possesses strong leadership and communication abilities, is creative and innovative in nature, and is able to influence key stakeholders.
The User Experience Designer creates user stories, personas and storyboards, and develops wireframes and task flows based on user needs to develop the user experience (UX). He/She gathers stakeholders requirements and needs, and provides recommendations for user experience solutions. He conducts usability assessments and tests of prototypes and interactive systems, recommend refinements and iterations to achieve the optimum user experience, and explores alternative approaches to ensure logical product flows. He analyses user feedback to propose improvements to the quality of interaction between the customer and product, as well as the overall user experience. He works in a team setting and is familiar with user experience design methodologies, as well as relevant design tools and software. The UX Designer is open-minded to multiple perspectives and methodical in the translation of user and business needs into critical functionalities that optimise user experience. He is creative and is able to present innovative design strategies and ideas to co-workers and stakeholders in a clear and engaging manner.
The Chief Technology Officer oversees all technical aspects of the organisation and partners with key stakeholders within the business to evaluate new IT opportunities and use them as an enabler for growth. He/She approves the deployment of new technologies to enhance or develop new services and products offerings. He devises and implements long-term strategies focused on both current and new technology that can help an organisation go to market more effectively and in turn increase revenue through technological enhancements. He is an inspiring leader with a futuristic mind-set with an ability to drive innovative enhancements in the organisation. He is able to foresee connections across diverse areas and influence key stakeholder decisions.